"Achille's Heal" by kate of gaia 


Attention all *BAR/non-BAR members. (*BAR members refers to all beings who are oathed to the 
CROWN/TEMPLE BAR and are therefore, foreign agents/CITIZENS of the CITY OF LONDON, STATE/ALIENS 
with special use of CROWN COPYRIGHT as outlined by the CROWN CORPORATION BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS) Non-BAR members DO NOT have use of CROWN COPYRIGHT and anyone using any CROWN 
COPYRIGHTED intellectual property are, in fact, committing fraud by omission/commission, 
knowingly/unknowingly where all doing so are guilty of UNCLEAN HANDS 


Inasmuch as ignorance is not a defense from/of the law, it is incumbent upon all claims to prove INTENT 
of that ignorance and furthermore, to prove the INTENT of any/all parties who are attempting to 
maintain/reinforce that ignorance to control a monopoly over humankind. A crime is not a crime unless 
all assumption/presumption is nullified where one is guilty or innocent via WILLFUL INTENT only. 


With that out of the way, let's get busy exposing the Achilles’ heel of the LEGAL system as it pertains to 
ADMIRALTY LAW/PHOENICIAN LAW upon which ALL legal matters are based. Where the spoken word 
(phonics) is fraught with assumption/presumption, | am going to SPELL it out for you. As a quick example 
of the word play (phonics) that is the art of the MAGI-STRAITS where assumption/presumption can be 
interpreted in many ways, let's see how a presiding judge can be interpreted to have intent to kill shall 
we? An innocuous word like "presiding" as used in "presiding judge" can be assumed/presumed merely 
as someone sitting at the bench. With the prefix of "pre" which means prior to/before the word 
"preside" becomes "before-side" as in choosing a side beforehand. In phonics, the SOUND of side is also 
spelled "cide" as in homicide, genocide, infanticide etc. which means "to kill". That means the word pre- 
side/pre-cide can be interpreted to mean to "before-kill" or, as in presiding, before killing. Such is the 
true nature of Phoenician/Admiralty law. 


Therefore, it can be proven, with INTENT, that any/all presiding judges have INTENT with 
PREMEDITATION to kill or commit murder by OMISSION/COMMISSION where ignorance of this fact is not 
a defense and where ignorance of this fact renders any/all judges INCOMPETENT who shall claim 
ignorance. Catch 22 where a presiding judge is damned if they do/damned if they don't claim ignorance 
and make amends to be free of the UNCLEAN HANDS. See the following excerpt from Black's Law 9th 
edition: 


clean-hands doctrine. (1914) The principle that a party cannot seek equitable relief or assert an equitable 
defense if that party has violated an equitable principle, such as good faith .« Such a party is described 
as having "unclean hands." For example, section 8 of the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction Act contains 
an unclean-hands provision that forbids a court from exercising jurisdktion in a child-custody suit in certain 
situations, as when one party has wrongfully removed a child from another state, has improperly retained 
custody of a child after visitation, or has wrongfully removed a child from the person with custody. The 
clean-hands doctrine evolved from the discretionary nature of eqUitable relief in English courts of equity, 


While it appears to me that the vast majority of lawyers, judges, police/government officials etc. are 
vastly ignorant of what the legal world is all about, it's time for you to get educated and | simply ask that 
you disprove, if you can, what you are about to read in commonly understood English where Phoenician 

Law/assumption/presumption is hereby/heretofore nullified ab initio. It has been nearly three years 

since a judge bowed to me in an open court and witnessed now by countless millions. It is rather 
unfortunate that the vast majority of lawyers, judges, police officials, government officials etc. are 
owned by their ego's and greed, their "status" and perceived elevated level of self-importance. | have 
met many of you that have been "bought and paid for" and many of you have inflicted great harm to 
myself, my family and countless other members of humanity via this greed and pure insanity. 


The well in which you drink from is filled by the blood of your fellow humans rendering those drinking, 
both cannibals and vampires of the lowest order. It matters not to me if you stop reading this because 
my INTENT is already in place, immovable, unstoppable and indestructible; such is the way of 
Natural/Universal law where all "man-made" laws are merely mimics dis-torting truth. It is much easier 
to control people via their ignorance and greed with man-made justifiers like "I'm just doing my job" or "I 
was just following orders" etc. ad nauseum. Unfortunately, for you, a mirror exists and | am that mirror 


where you will get to see yourself as you truly are. 


In short, the whole system you worship is based in fraud absolute, with INTENT to deceive and, like 
Universal law, there is NO STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS ON FRAUD, period. Only intense greed, selfishness, 
willingness to harm others etc. keeps you under control of your masters. Please feel free to investigate 
me and my story and all the information shared here. You can also reach me, the unamed, in-voice via 

my cell phone at 226-971-9675 where my voice is mine, unique only to myself in frequency where no Id- 
Entity exists. Here are a few facts you'll need to disprove: 


1. ALL "REGISTRATIONS" become the sole property of the CROWN CORPORATION such as LIVING 
PEOPLE, CORPORATIONS, CARS, BANKS, HOMES, MONEY etc. by a willful, ignorant of the facts, ACT. 


2. ALL "NAMES" are *CROWN OWNED COPYRIGHT (*COC) and any/all use of such NAME's without 
express consent of the CROWN CORPORATION (UPU/VATICAN CITY, STATE et al) is, in fact, a criminal act 
of stolen identity, fraud. 


3. The BIRTH CERTIFICATE is PROOF of INTENT to AID AND ABET the user of such document to commit 
FRAUD unknowingly via deception where any/all REGISTRY buildings/offices are the proof of 
premeditated INTENT to do so by virtue of them simply being in existence. 


4. Any/all use of the BIRTH CERTIFICATE (Long and Short forms) to procure any/all IDENTIFICATION 
where using the NAME upon it is claimed is a stolen identity and counterfeit in nature. 


5. Any/all CONTRACTS entered into using the NAME/assuming the NAME are null and void ab initio, nunc 
pro tunc where the party that offers the CONTRACT is guilty of aiding and abetting the other party into 
COMMISSION of FRAUD. As an example: Any/all banks that offer a MORTGAGE (DEATH-PLEDGE) 
CONTRACT, are, in fact, aiding and abetting knowingly/unknowingly by COMMISSION/OMISSION 
another into a FRAUDULENT CONTRACT and are guilty with INTENT where ignorance is not a plea of 


defense. 


6. Any/all claims of OWNERSHIP of any/all things REGISTERED is, in fact, a proclamation of THEFT WHERE 
ONE IS ALREADY IN POSSESSION OF STOLEN PROPERTY by virtue of the REGISTRATION. As an example: If 
one were to hand over an OWNERSHIP/REGISTRATION document of a car with the BIRTH CERTIFICATE 
NAME on it, one is already guilty of theft and aids and abets their own guilt by doing so. 


7. Any/all parties that carry LICENCES (Black's Law 9th) 


( liceity. (Il-say-tee or li-) Ecclesiastical law. The legality of an act, esp. of a sacrament. - Liceity is 
distinguished from validity in ecclesiastical law. Although an act or some part of it may be illegal, its 
pertormance or effects may be valid. For example, Roman Catholic law requires that the Eucharist be 

celebrated with unleavened wheat bread. If leavened bread is used, the bread would be an illegal 
substance, but the sacrament's validity would not be affected. 


license, n. (15c) 1. A permission, usu. revocable, to commit some act that would otherwise be unlawful; 
esp., an agreement (not amounting to a lease or profit aprendre) that it is lawful for the licensee to enter 
the licensor's land to do some act that would otherwise be illegal, such as hunting game. See 
SERVITUDE (1). 
[Cases: Licenses "[A license is an authority to do a particular act, or series of acts, upon another's 
land, without possessing any estate therein. It is founded in personal confidence, and is not 
assignable, nor within the statute of frauds." 2 James Kent, Commentaries on American Law 
*452-53 (George Comstock ed., 11th ed. 1866). 


licensee. (1864) 1. One to whom a license is granted. 2. One who has permission to enter or use another's 
premises, but only for one's own purposes and not for the occupier's benefit. The occupier has a duty 
to warn the licensee of any dangerous conditions known to the occupier but unknown to the 
licensee. An example of a licensee is a social guest. Cf. INVITEE; TRESPASSER. [Cases: Licenses 
C:=>43.] 


Author's Note: The CROWN CORPORATION/ BOARD OF DIRECTORS/BAR MEMBERS/OATHED TO CROWN 
CORPORATION AGENTS etc. is deemed OCCUPIER by virtue of any/all REGISTRATIONS. 
Whereas any/all parties that carry/demand any/all licenses are, in fact, aiding and abetting the other 
party into an act of FRAUD knowingly/unknowingly by commission/omission where COMMISIONED 
OFFICERS do so knowingly by default and are GUILTY by COMMISSION. 


8. Any/all PERSONS employed by/for any all governments, courts, churches etc. are COMMISSIONED 
OFFICERS by virtue of TITLE/RANK/OFFICE paid by a CROWN REGISTERED CORPORATION as evidenced by 
PAYCHECK. 


As you can see, it's quite a tricky little web of deceit that has all non-BAR members feeding on 
themselves for the explicit benefit of the BAR members. This is commonly referred to as divide and 
conquer where a third party interloper instigates a silent war getting their "opponent" to feed on itself. 
As an allegorical example imagine two teams on a soccer field. One team has only BAR members and the 
other consists of those duped into serving the BAR team alongside their non-BAR member team-mates. 
So, let's put a MAYOR, a couple of cops, a few IRS/CRA employees alongside the minority of their typical 
non-BAR member team-mates. The whistle blows and the game starts...Every time a BAR team player 
gets the ball, they pass it to one of their duped servants of non-BAR status where that individual kicks 
the ball into their own net every time. Who wins the game? 


This is why, in a courtroom, the BAR cannot pursue ( prosecute means "do not pursue) any living soul 
and must rely upon the ignorance of those they are fleecing to get us to fleece ourselves by claiming use 
of a NAME that belongs to the CROWN. The nifty part is that they use other parts of our society to do 
their dirty work for them to maintain Universal Honour in a guiltless veneer. Sorry, the jig is up. | find it 
laughable now that so many in the system that are paid by the CROWN (All government by affiliation 
jobs are) are content with their table scraps they get tossed. Yes, there are high RANKED OFFICIALS that 
get larger scraps but they will never own the castles, only the gatehouses, as a result. What would it 
mean to you if you never had to pay off your fraud mortgage, your fraud car loan etc. because doing so 
is, in fact, fraud? If you ever wondered what "making a deal with the devil" was all about, well, now you 
know. Those that serve the BAR as non-BAR slaves will only ever be slaves and that includes the 
militaries, government employees, cops, etc. regardless of your treats you get in rank or title. You are the 
fools who think you're free and are the most enslaved as a result. 


You see, with this truth ALL BAR members are now castrated and powerless without the means to get us 
to BE the NAME they so desperately need. Without a claim in fraud to a NAME, the CROWN/BAR 
TEMPLE is without "joinder". One must confess to being a criminal more so than them for them to 
maintain their veil of "honour". | would suggest going to a website that | post much information on this 
in greater detail; http://kateofgaia.wordpress.com Inasmuch as "kateofgaia" is not a REGISTERED NAME 
per se, it is merely a "persona" that | choose to use where my true name/way will never be known to 
anyone but myself and will never be GIVEN, only acknowledged as required where my VOICE is mine 
alone/all-one. It is also not my concern what you or anyone does with what I'm sharing; | seek no 
vengeance since that is the realm of war like fools. What anyone does with truth is up to them to either 
accept it or defy it and perpetuate their crimes knowingly or seek to make amends with those they have 
harmed, quite simple really. As a “heads up”, my website is not for those suffering from/of system 
induced mental retardation since it requires acceptance of truth, not some limited, installed by others, 
belief. 


It's quite obvious that this world is insane on many levels unless you think warring on innocents, poverty, 
starvation, earth destruction etc. is a good thing. It won't take a psychiatrist to tell you what a five year 
old child already knows. If so, then you're a prime candidate for losing on "Smarter than a Fifth Grader" 
since you are acting less than one. It is up to you to de-cide/de-side which team you are on and which 

team you truly play for because until you do, the third party interlopers will eventually destroy us all and 
YOU'LL be helping them do it. Yup, that’s pretty insane if you ask me. How many homes must you steal, 
how many families must you destroy and how many children must you aid and abet in killing before you 
finally wake up to your crimes? | know first-hand of many of you and, your INTENT to commit harm and 
crimes for some filthy lucre. How much use will you be to your masters once you have helped them kill 

those of us seeking to wake you and the rest of humanity up? 


You will be as the former prisoner turned coat into a guard in a concentration camp against your own 
kind with the dubious honour of being killed last once your usefulness is gone. You are blinded by your 
greed, conditioned by the dumbing down of “education” systems you were raised in. Have a look at a 
pre-1913 grade 8 exam as compared to today and you’ll see just how dumbed down you are. Your 
history books are written for you to deceive, your English “rules” condemn you with your own words and 
the plot is far thicker than you could ever imagine. | have looked some of you in the eye, shook your 
hands while you were thrusting a knife in my back. You told me “I’m just doing my job” as you stole my 
home and you said “I have a family to feed” as you shredded mine, kidnapping me and them at gunpoint 


and destroying my ability to feed them as you stole my belongings and tools of survival. All this and more 
while you knew fully | was right because | had shown you. 


My anger turned very quickly to pity especially for those literal children you sent to my house when | 
dared to return to my home two weeks after it was stolen. It saddened me to know that so many young 
people had been conned by their superiors who knew full well and admitted as such. Just ask former 
Deputy Chief of Police for GUELPH POLICE SERVICES, Brent Eden why he was suicidal and left the “force” 
after the minimum mandatory 3 years for his “retirement” package. His soul is worth 75,000 per annum 
with that act of cowardice. You may want to investigate former Police Chief Robert Davis as to why he 
“left” two weeks into my 28 day illegal incarceration in solitary confinement. You may want to ask Phil 
Andrews, editor in chief of the GUELPH DAILY MERCURY as to his role in smearing me where once upon a 
time, | was a shining star in music to his paper. It saddens me to know that on the Saturday night of my 
second violent kidnapping, the kids were likely out drinking and celebrating what they had done, 
especially the large young black man that all the other kiddie cops stood behind as he smashed my door 
in, dragged me out by the hair removing large clumps as he stood proudly crushing my wrist and 
windpipe with his boots. Yes, much to be proud of these children. A singing songwriting transgendered 
being must be quite a threat it seems, especially one that never raised their voice or hand to any of 
them. Alas, those deeds will be returned in kind, Universal law says so. 


Take some time to investigate the ILLEGAL/UNLAWFUL LAND TRANSFER of 7 DALEBROOK PLACE, 
GUELPH, ONTARIO CANADA NIE-1A7 (*COC) where no number, no address, no mailbox existed when | 
lived there. Remove your mailbox and see how long it takes for a UPU representative to show up with a 
notice to re-install one. You see, anything sent via the UPU/POST OFFICE anywhere in the world is 
deemed a contract with merely the INTENT to send it because your mailbox is deemed automatic 
acceptance because you have one. Yes, anything you receive in the mail is deemed a CONTRACT already 
BEFORE you even open it. Oh, and that means e-mail as well since you have an e-mail ADDRESS and 
mailbox that YOU willfully created/accepted with INTENT to do so. In short...YOU ARE SERVED CONTRACT 
and | know it’s already deemed accepted and why | don’t care if | receive a re-spawns or not. Any good 
BAR lawyer in London will tell you, as they did me; “Here, it is all about CONTRACT” and I quote him as 
stated to me. 


You may want to investigate the BRITISH HIGH CONSULATE and ask where former employee Paige is 
since he was moved from there shortly after | got an EMERGENCY PASSPORT on MY terms to take my 
Fathers’ ashes back to Ireland where I was born and where he wished to be buried with my Mother. Ask 
them why | was denied further help when my home was stolen six months later. You see, | already know 
the answers to all these questions and countless more that will defy your conditioned and mind 
controlled mentality. No, it’s quite simple really; you have been duped into serving a master that wants 
you to feed on your own kind and do it with vim and vigor as you suck greedily on the tits of the whore 
of Babylon/COMMERCE/MERCHANT/ADMIRALTY/PHOENICIAN LAW. As a real mind bender, you may 
want to seek answers to how a document with a mistake on it “magically” corrects itself while sealed in 
a safe that was served on my life partner, now ex, the night of the illegal SWAT raid and kidnappings of 
me and my family witnessed by her and a private bailiff who was holding the document. That includes 
the actual scans on my computer but not before the “original” had been emailed to KRMC so you may 
want to start there. Don’t get your hopes up though because there are a few that also know and will try 

to keep that little secret all to themselves. Not such a secret anymore. 


All you need to do is “Google” “kate of gaia” and you’ll see just how busy this little beaver has been in 
exposing the multitudes of frauds perpetrated by the BAR society and its’ masters. Feel free to tune in 
any night since | do a radio show 7 nights a week with double ups on some days with other well-known 
radio stations. You see, | have no fear of truth nor of liars and thieves. | have witnessed the shame and 
fear of lawyers and judges up close and personal and | have been astute in observation of the effects 
truth and I have on these ACTORS/liars. The biggest fear of those in true power over this dominion is “If 
but one shall awaken, we are doomed”. Well, here | am and there are countless million more now with 
the numbers growing exponentially and peacefully, much to the chagrin of those wanting us to wage war 
further upon ourselves. You have received this binding contract as outlined in the laws of man you serve. 
It matters not what you do from here on but be cautioned, what ye sow, so shall ye reap, what ye have 
already sown is now coming to harvest. 


Think long and hard about your choices past and now present. There is but one rule in this universe and 
it’s the only one that matters to me; Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. The choice 
now is yours and it is simple where either way, YOU are accountable inasmuch as by your actions you are 
known. My grandfather told me long ago that once you make your bed, you have to lie in it. As for me, | 
am not a CORPORATION nor will | be aided and abetted into it. No, the TEMPLE BAR tables have been 
over turned now and the only “document” | will carry is the one that will force you to commit fraud if 
you use it where it was used to aid and abet me into fraud if | did. | will give back to you, the servant of 
Ba’al, the only document the *COC gives without asking and rather demands it be taken and that is the 
proof of fraud called the BIRTH CERTIFICATE. The fact that it exists is all the proof/physical evidence of 
INTENT TO COMMIT FRAUD that | or anyone else needs where the legal fiction world only needed us to 
claim it as our own and create our own fraudulent identities ourselves. You can continue to “practice” 
law or medicine where | chose to master it. Have a nice day, now choose....master or slave? 


In truth, |, who shall not be named~ 


