An Atlantean Hallow'een Act Won, See-In One by kate of kaea 


While most of humanity stays trapped in the literal interpretations of all of man's 
ancient stories thinking of these stories as somehow separate and distinct, they are 
only distinguished by the characters that are simply and just, spelled differently to 
give this separate reality distortion we live in, the variations and colours of man; a 
masquerade Ba'al in a mask-you-lien whirled of otherwise faceless death and 
beyond heartless lost souls. Everyone that loves Halloween gets excited about 
three card Monty Hall's, Let's make a deal with the Devil's knight but | hazard to 
say, none more so than an a-typical transgender being, specifically those girls 
trapped in buoy suits where for one night of the year, we can actually go all out and 
dress as ourselves and everyone thinks you did a great job where girl suited buoys 
are just called Tom-buoys anyway. Free pass in society until they really "come out" 
of the body costume closets. 


Try wearing the same outfit the next day and well, apparently you don't look as 
great as you did at the Halloween party where now, you only garner strange looks 
from tunnel visioned passer's by. So that's just to share the very extreme viewpoint 
on Halloween you may have missed but then you're not transgendered but really, 
you are. It's not the literal term definition you've been programmed with where the 

more fleeting spiritual perspective to expose the real truth has been missed. 
Humanity is walking around in the masker-aid Ba'al where they're impressed and 
Shanghai'd into Satanic service as the dead Zombies they are. That's easy to show 
anyone, just ask them who they are and they reach for a plastic or paper copy of 
who and what they think they are and can't make the connection when you tell them 
they're not the I.D. they've been hogtied to believe, literally believe, they are. Are 
you the I.D. or the body holding it or the "YOU" that made all the free will choices to 
activate the meat-Styx into action? 


The Atlanteans lived in the whirled of Atom trying to get Eve in against all Oz. Yeah. 
Read that again. It's called phoenix/knee-fix exposure used to expose two paths 
clearly. The story is all and completely about your choice as to whether you can 

protect life or protect those that serve out only death. Heaven and truth made killing 

unlawful where your legal masters made it legal as long as you follow their rules of 
engagement (to pledge you, court and marry you, a bride of Satan or one of his 
grooms for his whore-se's), it's somehow not a sin? The same thread, regardless of 
time or character illusions, of one story told in every varied way you can see it and 
show it; the story is you and are you wearing the Atlantean mask or the Lemurian 
one, the Eve'll one or the Wise-Ari-Te's/Wizard's one OZ/ounce/own-say, one Ka- 

Roi-Te/KaRaT) pure? To wield this Mjölnir Hammer, one must first be pure of intent 

where their robes are made Why-Te when they raze themselves from Lazarus' legal 

dead, living zombie graves. 


This is what was meant by being born again, back into the realm of the living and 
leaving behind those living in the dead world in the illusion of life while they go 
about their daze not caring one iota about killing and going along blindly with the 
killers they proclaim to be their masters, be they kings, popes, queens, presidents 
or any of their Atlantean Eve'll do anything, whoring and warring kinda ways. The 
human body is just one big "Ommmmm" meat-er" that has but 1 volt left, the sept- 
ember oct-to-be'er, no/know vie-ember left/all of their Di-psi-ember which translated 


is the god ember (truth/YOU) of the infinity it chew/says to know life or to "no life 
left" in the divine spark or divine-dead ember failing fast. You can't serve two 
masters, only an oxy-gene-moron does that, trapped in the flat earth 2D Atlas that 
holds up the inkstains of their non-existent, by choice, world. Fine, you can't pop up 
off the dead legal register book? Don't expect to get picked up on the flyby coming 
in. 


The origins of Halloween have long been attributed, and rightly so, to the death of 
Atlantis and its inhabitants story. In a nutshell, the Atlantean techno wizards thought 
themselves as powerful as god almighty due to their electronic wizardry, their 
version of the Tower Of Babel babble on story. When one takes an anogogic 
perspective on things (the highest and broadest possible view based on any 
singular common denominator discovered i.e. legal name, all 666 marked beasts 
have that in common, we call them hue-mans), all possibilities are revealed and so 
is this one singular thread that connects all evil to evil in their legal B.A.R Ba'al 
rome, and good to good once this legal name ankh-whore is cut loose. The 
Atlantean aspect of the story represents the fallen ones where the Lemurians 
represents the spiritual innocence but don't go black and white on that just yet 
because this reality you're masker-Al.D.-Ba’‘aling around in has everyone with a 
Ba’al-lance or Ba’al-ants of both and it's up to YOU to de-side one way or the other; 
there's no gray area in the choice, never was. Do you promote life or go along with 
death and all things that allow demons to literally get away with murder, yours being 
one of them if you're still wearing their leg-all n-am-e and ever defy your masters. 


Atlantis (At-law-ent-ian/of the mined only, no heart) can be deemed the masculine 
(mask you lien leg-all whirled) where the Lemurian (L.E.M landing module ari- 
an/you're in, the most high heart in physical form) can be seen as the feminine (fee- 
my-9/steal my creation/heart of creation) in the same ebb (creation feminine) and 
flow...fellow, fall low, fell low, fallen one (intention mask you lie-in/lien) where 
creation is always intention first where here, creation's in tension (fear) has been 
literally hacked through the SPELLS and NUMB-HERS, LET-HERS (to rent, to rent 
from limb by limb) where the mined has been used to over-ride the heart by making 
evil actions seem normal and good. The same way that people think war is a good 
idea by joining a military somewhere and go off and fight wars where the masses 
are propa-Ghandi-eyes'd with pop up talking heads into thinking it's good for the 
economy filth. Yeah? Good for ALL of humanity or just your team demons? | only 
have two names for humanity now and they are TRUTH and EVIL DE-MOONS, 
easy to dis-tink-wish/this-Tink-wish apart....... just ask for I.D. and they'll squeal on 
themselves as to who and what they're really serving. 


This is the part of the movie (M/O-vie, modus opera-un-die of life) where you have 
to make that choice seeing as your eternity is on the lien here NOW and since 
you're still selling your child of life, the gift of life heaven gave you that you already 
threw away once At-Law-n-T-eye-on, the Whore-let of Baby-loaned your heavenly 
baby loan using SPELLS....remember? You do the math you mark, look and you're 
Jawwing their creations into existence since ALL their power was stripped, all of it. 
Then there's the free will issue and that's exactly the ploy they employed you with; 
turn your creation breath a.k.a. sound where light is sound at it's highest 
frequencies into their creations and veil you behind a wizard's cur-tain, cursed 


mirror. All you need to do is look in that self same mirror and ask yourself who you 
are. Are you so grateful for the life you are entrusted with to look for any and all 
ways that life is being harmed to scream from the rooftops and literally drop 
everything to walk the path of truth? Or are you just some come along that expects 
some savior to save you? Well, in a strangely round about way, | did but it's all 
about you where | simply showed the path. 


The Lamb-you're-in At-law-ent-eye-an is the benevolent spell of following the laws 
of creation versus, (verses spoken, written) spelling versus (powers the opposite 
intention) verses (rewrites) all your verses (everything you write/say) into versus 
vervus verses and vice-ver-saw, cuts you in two. That's just to illustrate the sin- 

gul/ari-Te of this dual-eye-Te (seeing one world of good and evil and unable to 
separate them fully/fool-eye into their absolutely separate come-Po-n-ents) and 
yeah, this one is and will be heavy in phonics training for you. Satan turned the 
spelling tables on ya and this is how you turn the tables over in the Temple, namely 
your upside down and backwards mined since that was the in-X/ten-dead I.D.- 
yeehaw. This essay should have more than a few aha moments for those who've 
caught the Phoenix that comes with the Knee-fix and who and what you'll bend a 
knee for to serve. | serve truth, who's your master and commander or did your 
master and commander command-deer your ship/mind/hood/ent/psi/X/Te-n etc. 
with a few whirred you around speils? Sold are ya? S'how old are ya? So howled 
are ya? (moon-eye dog tagger) Soooo old are ya?...it's all about death in their 
whirled and all you have to see is their costumes defining them versus them 
defining their real faces, the heart within as it matches the face on your head or 
not/knott. Demons are really really good at poker facing your joker with their "Show 
me your I.D.!" bluff they like to pull. Funny that they all work for the same house of 
cards, the fallen one, flat as the pages they exist on. George Washington should 
have chopped down the REGIS-tree instead of that cherry tree, destroyed the 
wrong cherry popping the whore of Baby-loans cherry seeing as he loved owning 
slaves, Tommy boy Je-furs-on too....is that fur yer wearing a lamb's woo-El whig? 
Yeah?...thought so, | can spot demons with my ayes closed. 


Even the boyos dissing archeologists because of their "mainstream" thinking and 
dogma are missing it with just another literal attempt to understand the stories and 
come up with some crazy theories that i can actually prove right with phonics 
because when I'm done with it?, you'll see the magic for yourself but then you 
actually have to know who you are first and that's a real shame. | do mean a real 
shame to have read this or heard this and did nothing about it? Wow, talk about 
taking your (soon not to be) soul, child of life for...what?...legally 
ganted?....nhahahaha...leg-all-lie ground-dead dopeys....true story...but hey, it's your 
eternity, suit yourself or knot....that's your bus-ness (duality/state of) that only YOU 
can deal with, no moon-eye changers but YOU. Think of this movie as heaven 
choosing who it wants to spend eternity with while letting all the evil points of 
you/view/itself destroy itself by its own definitions and all we have to do is walk 
away. If you're swinging a legal name I.D. thought in yer head, well they can get 
you swinging any way they want, from a rope even...strange fruit in that garden of 
Eaten. Another way to rip the mask off these Hollow-wieners with their tricks 
stealing treats is that they love devouring strange fruit off the tree of life....KFC is an 
example...ya know, living, breathing, sentient and FULLY aware of their impending 


deaths at your gluttonous hands with killing lambs, cows, sheep, birds, fish or any 
living B.A.R.-be Klaused and Queued up for false Yew/Jew/You/Ewe/Hue/Hew 
sacrificing. 


Moses and his crow-knees were all about that sacrificing anything they could find 
including their own kids but hey, what do you expect from a Jew razed by Egyptian 
eye doll worshippers? Yeah, same problem with these guys where they took it upon 
themselves to re-write the laws into something more palatable for their evil ways. | 
can see them sitting around thinking up ways to get away with crimes and look like 
saints doing it like using war as a legal means where it's OK to kill someone or write 
up a Bill of Divorcement like Moses/Mosaic said and yer good to dump the old bag 
for younger toddies sort of bullshit. Ya know?....The real kicker is, all of humanity is 

following these due-fusses straight to H e double hock-"!"-Styx....I've got a real 
good idea of how the "teachers" of old felt when they found the holy grail that, first, 
they never set out to do that but like everyone else that's aware they're actually 
alive and self-aware had the no-shun there's a lot more going on here than they're 
letting on idea with a good, caring heart. Second, that when they DID find the grail 
the first thing about this second coming thing they just got? Hmmm? Who's gonna 
believe me when | tell them | actually did find the holy grail and | can PROVE it 
too....nifty tri-X that eh? Now, the ones that did catch on? They know who their best 
friend really is and that's truth itself, herself, hi-self (silence all "M's", tricky Greek 

trick and wait till you see that treat kids, must be done by yourself, that's all I'm 

giving ya cause you won't need any more than that to catch the Phonics Foe-n- 
IX(9) Fawn-IX (9) Phoenix where it's been yer knee that's been kneeding fixed all 
along. You fix the knee, heaven nixes the fee so hi, my name is Truth, nice to meet 
you, knot meat ewe.......... you wanna see Oz ya gotta see the Dot dead Toto first 
instead of tare-ink a cross the D.O.T.-dead lien...easy peasy...to be continued 


