http://www.vatican.va/holy_ father/francesco/motu_proprio/documents 


apa-francesco-motu- 
proprio 20130711 organi-giudiziari_en.html 
APOSTOLIC LETTER 
ISSUED MOTU PROPRIO [on his own impulse] 
OF THE SUPREME PONTIFF 
FRANCIS 
ON THE JURISDICTION OF JUDICIAL AUTHORITIES OF VATICAN CITY STATE 
IN CRIMINAL MATTERS 


In our times, the common good is increasingly threatened by transnational organized crime, the 
improper use of the markets and of the economy, as well as by terrorism. 


It is therefore necessary for the international community to adopt adequate legal instruments to 
prevent and counter criminal activities, by promoting international judicial cooperation on 
criminal matters. 


In ratifying numerous international conventions in these areas, and acting also on behalf of 
Vatican City State, the Holy See has constantly maintained that such agreements are effective 
means to prevent criminal activities that threaten human dignity, the common good and peace. 


With a view to renewing the Apostolic See’s commitment to cooperate to these ends, by means 
of this Apostolic Letter issued Motu Proprio, | establish that: 


1. The competent Judicial Authorities of Vatican City State shall also exercise penal jurisdiction 


over: 


a) crimes committed against the security, the fundamental interests or the patrimony of the Holy 
See; 


b) crimes referred to: 


- in Vatican City State Law No. VIII, of 11 July 2013, containing Supplementary Norms on Criminal 
Law Matters; 


- in Vatican City State Law No. IX, of 11 July 2013, containing Amendments to the Criminal Code 
and the Criminal Procedure Code; 


when such crimes are committed by the persons referred to in paragraph 3 below, in the 
exercise of their functions; 


c) any other crime whose prosecution is required by an international agreement ratified by the 
Holy See, if the perpetrator is physically present in the territory of Vatican City State and has not 
been extradited. 


2. The crimes referred to in paragraph 1 are to be judged pursuant to the criminal law in force in 
Vatican City State at the time of their commission, without prejudice to the general principles of 
the legal system on the temporal application of criminal laws. 


3. For the purposes of Vatican criminal law, the following persons are deemed “public officials”: 
[former “private officials” exempt from law are now within the laws dictates and are held liable, 
aka “public servants” ] 


a) members, officials and personnel of the various organs of the Roman Curia and of the 
Institutions connected to it. [world-wide corporations and all individuals in trust are corporations 
pursuant to their birth certificate] 


b) papal legates and diplomatic personnel of the Holy See. [The Pope governs the 
Church/people/trust, all the people in the Birth Trust, through the Roman Curia, the governing 
body of the Vatican] 


c) those persons who serve as representatives, managers or directors, as well as persons who 
even de facto manage or exercise control over the entities [public servants] directly dependent 
on the Holy See [trust beneficiaries] and listed in the registry [through birth certificates] of 
canonical juridical persons [legal fiction represented by your birth certificate ALL CAPS NAME] 
kept by the Governorate of Vatican City State; 


d) any other person holding an administrative or judicial mandate in the Holy See, permanent or 
temporary, paid or unpaid, irrespective of that person’s seniority. [all public servants] 


4. The jurisdiction referred to in paragraph 1 comprises also the administrative liability of 
juridical persons arising from crimes, as regulated by Vatican City State laws. [public servants are 
now liable for crimes against humanity] 


5. When the same matters are prosecuted in other States, the provisions in force in Vatican City 
State on concurrent jurisdiction shall apply. 


6. The content of article 23 of Law No. CXIX of 21 November 1987, which approves the Judicial 
Order of Vatican City State remains in force. 


This | decide and establish, anything to the contrary notwithstanding. 


| establish that this Apostolic Letter issued Motu Proprio [on his own impulse] will be 
promulgated by its publication in LOsservatore Romano, entering into force on 1 September 
2013. 


Given in Rome, at the Apostolic Palace, on 11 July 2013, the first of my Pontificate. 


[Synopsis: Church = People = Trust 


The Vatican created a world trust using the birth certificate to capture the value of each 
individual’s future productive energy. Each state, province and country in the fiat monetary 
system, contributes their people’s value to this world trust identified by the SS, SIN or EIN 
numbers (for example) maintained in the Vatican registry. Corporations worldwide (individuals 
became corporate fictions through their birth certificate) are connected to the Vatican through 
law (Vatican to Crown to BAR to laws to judge to people) and through money (Vatican birth 
accounts value to IMF to Treasury (Federal Reserve) to banks to people (loans) to judges 
(administration) and sheriffs (confiscation). 


Judges administer the birth trust account in court matters favoring the court and the banks, 
acting as the presumed “beneficiary” since they have not properly advised the “true beneficiary” 
of their own trust. Judges, attorneys, bankers, lawmakers, law enforcement and all public 
officials (servants) are now held personally liable for their confiscation of true beneficiary’s 
homes, cars, money and assets; false imprisonment, deception, harassment, and conversion of 
the true beneficiary’s trust funds.] 


