As Above, So Below 
Revelations In Shorthand, Kate 
29 He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches. 
28 And | will give him the morning star. 
27 And there shall in no wise enter into it any thing that defileth, neither 
whatsoever worketh abomination, or maketh a lie: but they which are 


written in the Lamb's book of life. 


27 And he shall rule them with a rod of iron; as the vessels of a potter shall 
they be broken to shivers: even as | received of my Father. 


26 And they shall bring the glory and honour of the nations into it. 


26 And he that overcometh, and keepeth my works unto the end, to him 
will | give power over the nations: 


25 And the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day: for there shall be no 
night there. 


25 But that which ye have already hold fast till | come. 


24 And the nations of them which are saved shall walk in the light of it: and 
the kings of the earth do bring their glory and honour into it. 


24 But unto you | say, and unto the rest in Thyatira, as many as have not 
this doctrine, and which have not known the depths of Satan, as they 
speak; | will put upon you none other burden. 


23 And the city had no need of the sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: 
for the glory of God did lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof. 


23 And | will kill her children with death; and all the churches shall know 
that | am he which searcheth the reins and hearts: and | will give unto 
every one of you according to your works. 


22 And | saw no temple therein: for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb 
are the temple of it. 


22 Behold, | will cast her into a bed, and them that commit adultery with 


her into great tribulation, except they repent of their deeds. 


21 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. 


21 And | gave her space to repent of her fornication; and she repented not. 


20 He which testifieth these things saith, Surely | come quickly. Amen. 
Even so, come, Lord Jesus. 


20 The mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my right hand, and 
the seven golden candlesticks. The seven stars are the angels of the 
seven churches: and the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the 
seven churches. 


19 And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this 
prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of 
the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book. 


19 Write the things which thou hast seen, and the things which are, and 
the things which shall be hereafter; 


18 For | testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of 
this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him 
the plagues that are written in this book 


18 | am he that liveth, and was dead; and, behold, | am alive for evermore, 
Amen; and have the keys of hell and of death. 


17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, 
Come. And let him that is athirst come. And whosoever will, let him take 
the water of life freely. 


17 And when | saw him, | fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his right hand 
upon me, saying unto me, Fear not; | am the first and the last: 


16 | Jesus have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the 
churches. | am the root and the offspring of David, and the bright and 
morning star. 


16 And he had in his right hand seven stars: and out of his mouth went a 
sharp twoedged sword: and his countenance was as the sun shineth in his 


strength. 


15 For without are dogs, and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and 
murderers, and idolaters, and whosoever loveth and maketh a lie. 


15 And his feet like unto fine brass, as if they burned in a furnace; and his 
voice as the sound of many waters. 


14 Blessed are they that do his commandments, that they may have right 
to the tree of life, and may enter in through the gates into the city. 


14 His head and his hairs were white like wool, as white as snow; and his 
eyes were as a flame of fire; 


13 | am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the 
last. 


13 And in the midst of the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of 
man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with 
a golden girdle. 


12 And, behold, | come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every 
man according as his work shall be. 


12 And | turned to see the voice that spake with me. And being turned, | 
saw seven golden candlesticks; 


11 He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be 
filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is 
holy, let him be holy still. 


11 Saying, | am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last: and, What thou 
seest, write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches which are in 
Asia; unto Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto 
Thyatira, and unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea. 


10 And he saith unto me, Seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book: 
for the time is at hand. 


10 | was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a great voice, 
as of a trumpet, 


9 Then saith he unto me, See thou do it not: for | am thy fellowservant, and 


of thy brethren the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of this 
book: worship God. 


9 | John, who also am your brother, and companion in tribulation, and in 
the kingdom and patience of Jesus Christ, was in the isle that is called 
Patmos, for the word of God, and for the testimony of Jesus Christ. 


8 And | John saw these things, and heard them. And when | had heard and 
seen, | fell down to worship before the feet of the angel which shewed me 
these things. 


8 | am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, 
which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty. 


7 Behold, | come quickly: blessed is he that keepeth the sayings of the 
prophecy of this book. 


7 Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye shall see him, and they 
also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of 
him. Even so, Amen. 


6 And he said unto me, These sayings are faithful and true: and the Lord 
God of the holy prophets sent his angel to shew unto his servants the 
things which must shortly be done. 


6 And hath made us kings and priests unto God and his Father; to him be 
glory and dominion for ever and ever. Amen. 


5 And there shall be no night there; and they need no candle, neither light 
of the sun; for the Lord God giveth them light: and they shall reign for ever 
and ever. 


5 And from Jesus Christ, who is the faithful witness, and the first begotten 
of the dead, and the prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved 
us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood, 


4 And they shall see his face; and his name shall be in their foreheads. 
4 John to the seven churches which are in Asia: Grace be unto you, and 


peace, from him which is, and which was, and which is to come; and from 
the seven Spirits which are before his throne; 


3 And there shall be no more curse: but the throne of God and of the Lamb 
shall be in it; and his servants shall serve him: 


3 Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, 
and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand. 


2 In the midst of the street of it, and on either side of the river, was there 
the tree of life, which bare twelve manner of fruits, and yielded her fruit 
every month: and the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations. 


2 Who bare record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus 
Christ, and of all things that he saw. 


1 And he shewed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, 
proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb. 


1 The Revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to shew unto 


his servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and 
signified it by his angel unto his servant John: 


http://kateofgaia.wordpress.com 


