*As Per Your Fraud by kate uv kaia 
To whom it may concern; 


A vast fraud upon all of humanity has recently come to my attention and something you 
may or may not be aware of, depending on your job, role, title as it relates to 
government, post office, legal/lawful occupations, law enforcement, military etc. There 
is much confusion with many in that one's true name given to them is 
assumed/presumed to ONLY be a LEGAL NAME, which it certainly is not. The fraud is 
assuming/presuming one is automatically a LEGAL NAME in things like mortgages, loans, 
tickets, fines, taxes etc. where, in fact, no disclosure of the intent to commit fraud, 
entice a human into slavery via deception etc. et al from the true owner of all LEGAL 
NAME(S) COPYRIGHT, namely the owners/oathers of the CROWN CORPORATION has 
never and was never offered rendering all things legal/lawful null and void since it is 
based on fraudulent intent ab initio. 


As a case in point, if someone were to know the difference between the LEGAL NAME 
and their true name (which sounds the same) they would be immediately in contempt of 
every court on this planet if they set foot in one KNOWING this but would also be 
deemed crazy for even being there, if even only to explain this mistake of 
assumption/assumption deception. Every judge/justice/mayor (chief justice) would 
instantly be guilty of aiding and abetting fraud, which they are anyway based on their 
own rules, if someone made this known to them in a BAR/CROWN courtroom. 


While it is not and never my intent to harm anyone, it is also not my intent to place 
anyone who is knowingly/unknowingly taking an active role in the thefts, slavery and 
murdering spiritually humanity as a whole in an "aiding and abetting fraud" exposed 

position such as a judge in THEIR courtroom where their only defense of that exposure is 
to "lock somebody up or send them for psych eval etc." Regardless again of the fact that 
it would just be my intent to help them see the frauds they are enabling every day for 
their police/law enforcement masters whom they work for and not the other way 
around because this is a matter of the heart that those that "judge" others the very 
thing they need to judge within themselves. Unfortunately, their programs of graft and 
"protocol" run too deep in their 2D paper world and it will always be 
assumed/presumed that | am somehow the LEGAL NAME that | KNOW | am not but 
any/every "judge" would have enough self-serving justification to claim such a thing 
anyway; their greed and "corrupted by power" ego will only perceive me as a threat to 


their illusional/delusion lifestyles. Sorry, | don't do "crazy" and | don't pick fights with 
anyone, especially those with pre-conditioned and programmed psychopathies or 
sociopathic tendencies that only spend their days inflicting harm on innocent people 
based on the LEGAL NAME FRAUD. Just because a thief has the ability to steal what they 
can, never justifies a thief's stolen property just because they're good at stealing. Itisa 
simple case of damned if you do, and damned if you don't if one carries any form of 
fraudulent IDENTIFICATION which can only be created AFTER THE FACT of the BIRTH 
CERTIFICATE intent to commit fraud on every mother, father and child. It is a fact that a 
BIRTH CERTIFICATE is NOT evidence of IDENTITY yet any/all forms of IDENTIFICATION can 
only be obtained upon the presentment of this "INTENT TO COMMIT FRAUD EVIDENCE 
DOCUMENT". It's quite simple really. 


As another simple example of this, nothing in the legal/commerce world could, can or 
would exist without this LEGAL NAME FRAUD in place that puts everyone using any/all 
forms of LEGAL IDENTIFICATION immediately in a state of false personation, fraud and 
countless other CAPITAL CRIMES for the mere freewill consent and thinking one actually 
is a legal NAME which they certainly are not. A legal name only exists on paper in a flat 
earth, two dimensional paper sea where those defrauded via deception into using 
one/thinking they are one, are the very ones that give this dead by consent fictional 


reality its existence at all. It’s quite insane really when you think about it. 


When one uses the fraudulent legal name IDENTIFICATION, one's own body is 
assumed/presumed PROPERTY OF THE CROWN by virtue of the G.I.F.T. (see Black's law 
"Gamete Intra-Fallopian Transfer” i.e. the point of conception) of the GIVEN NAME as a 

result of non-disclosure of this fact to any/all who REGISTER their child (pronounced 
killed as per Phoenician law) inasmuch as they are also likely REGISTERED themselves, as 
slaves per the same fraud perpetrated on their mother and father. The delineation here 
is quite clear where the CROWN assumes/presumes OWNERSHIP of the physical body 
via this fraud where the true living spirit, completely separate from physical is in control 
of that "VESSEL" but not OF that vessel. Visit a local funeral home to verify lack of spirit 
in a dead body to see the difference between life source consciousness pre-sent/ab- 
sent. All material world is dead when it is void of life source consciousness i.e. humans, 


animals, birds, insects, plants etc. 


As an example; It is the same as someone "stealing" your car you think you own but 
Mom and Dad "sold/G.I.F.T-dead" it at conception on the assembly line, and then take 


the car, with you in it, to the crusher and all the doors are locked, seemingly 


permanently. Well, the doors are unlocked now where it can no longer be 
assumed/presumed that | have anything to do with the LEGAL NAME, regardless of 
any/all IDENTIFICATION because the ORIGINAL SIN/CRIME/INTENT TO DECEIVE/AID AND 
ABET FRAUD already belongs to the owners/oathers of the CROWN CORPORATION. 
While much confusion and ignorance of this fact eludes most law enforcement/BAR 
member/CROWN OATHED, it does not elude me, therefore; 


1. It is not my intent to commit fraud NOR aid and abet anyone else into same 
commission/omission thereof where ASSUMPTION/PRESUMPTION of ANY/ALL LEGAL 
NAME(S)/ALIASES/JOINDER VIA BEARING FALSE WITNESS etc. et al are concerned and; 


2. Any/all attempts by/of/for any/all who assume/presume me, the life source 
consciousness within MY body reclaimed will be deemed HIGH TREASON against the 
creator of all itself as | am part of all consciousness and my Couer-T/court and, by virtue 
of your own rules, are now OBLIGATED to arrest/detain/incarcerate any/all LEGAL NAME 
servants/slaves ACTING in any/all TITLES/OFFICES etc. et al who have attempted, are 
attempting or will attempt to engage/in pledge in this activity against me and any/all 
those who know this fact and; 


3. Any/all harms created against me, my family and humanity must now be made right 
where all things stolen, including time, MUST be put back in the hands of the true 
owners where these crimes against me/us could only be fulfilled in/of/by and for this 
CROWN OWNERS/OATHED INTENT TO COMMIT FRAUD AB INITIO. 


Do not expect me in any/all of your courtrooms or venues because it is not my wish to 
put you, myself or anyone in the position of HIGH TREASON in the same way that those 
who serve the "WHORE OF BABYLON"/CROWN CORPORATION via the "MARK OF THE 
BEAST/LEGAL NAME" FRAUD WITH INTENT by their own 
commission/omission/ignorance of this TRUTH. As one of the true living beings on this 
planet, those that consent to be dead, have no voice where MY voice shall command 
them now. I will simply now ask you; Is it your intent to commit fraud or aid and abet me 
into committing fraud KNOWINGLY? 


You are hereby commanded by M/E, the living to contact me to make amends in all 
CROWN CORPORATION FRAUDS against me, that shall include, though not limited to 
any/all who have committed fraud, borne false witness against me where to not do so, 
places you in HIGH TREASON against the heart of all creation itself where | freely, by and 


of my own consent, let creation itself take its course. | judge not, lest | be judged. |, who 
am without LEGAL NAME wash my hands of those who are of UNCLEAN HANDS. 
Assumption/presumption of LEGAL NAME(s) FRAUD nulled and voided, nunc pro tunc, 
tunc pro nunc, ab initio, ad infinitum, fiat justitia, ruat caelum, denique ultimatum, 
revereor verum. To fail in following your own laws, you render any/all laws/statutes 
NULL AND VOID. 


If you are confused in any of these matters, please feel free to visit 


www.kateofgaia.wordpress.com at your leisure for a detailed explanation of countless 
ignorances removed. Ignorance of the true law is not a defence of/from it. 


*written with/in Phoenician/sonic definitions as defined only by me as per my intent, 
assumption and presumption of any/all possibilities other than my own are destroyed ab 
initio; Read the following information as a courtesy on my part lest you fear seeking 
truth any further where this is already and forever will be your binding contract to make 
right your ignorant ways. 


YOUR CONTRACT NOW by kate u/v kaia 


written with/in Phoenician/sonic definitions as defined only by me as per my intent, assumption and 
presumption of any/all possibilities other than my own are destroyed ab initio; Ignorance is NOT a 
defense, time to wise up 


to Whom it May Concern, LEGAL NAMES NOTWITHSTANDING, where any/all names mentioned in this 
are not and will never be assumed/presumed to be LEGAL NAMES where any/all LEGAL NAMES are, in 
fact, AIDING AND ABETTING FRAUD. It is not my wish nor ever will be my wish to partake in any/all 
frauds ab initio, ad infinitum; 


be advised that | am currently investigating an all too common situation of MISTAKEN/STOLEN 
IDENTITY/FALSE PERSONATION regarding fraudulent use of CROWN COPYRIGHT property, commonly 
known as the LEGAL NAME; 


Inasmuch as all/any-thing(s) LEGAL are without standing in reality or what you would deem to be the 
"real world", most of humanity is duped into this fraud via the BIRTH CERTIFICATE 
FRAUD/DECEPTION/NON-DISCLOSURE/LEGAL NAME/FALSE IMPERSONATION etc. where "legality is not 
reality" as per "their-your” own MAXIMS of law. Please read attached "Babylon Is Fallen" for a brief 
synopsis of this scam of humanity as a whole and be advised that any/all use of a LEGAL NAME has you 
complicit in all/any CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY henceforth; 


As an investigative reporter and FREE "LANCE" journalist | have an obligation to humanity to expose 
any/all of these crimes to my millions of listeners/followers worldwide to bring a full awareness to the 
consciousness of humanity as a whole. In short, if you're playing with LEGAL NAME(S) and harming 


anyone by "just doing my job" it sucks to be you in the same way that those claims were also made 
during the NUREMBERG TRIALS. Harming someone in the EXECUTION of your duties does not and will 
not absolve you of your free willed choice to do so under any/all circumstances where all are simply 
guilty in, by and of their actions in the INSTANT the crime is committed, no courts required to prove self- 
guilt; 


It has come to my attention that YOU, the living spirit OCCUPYING a CROWN OWNED/COPYRIGHTED 
BODY (see G.I.F.T. Black's law pg. 757 GIFT. abbr. GAMETE INTRAFALLOPIAN TRANSFER. gift, 
n. (12c) 1. The voluntary transfer of property to another without compensation. [Cases: Gifts ~1.]2. 
A thing so transferred. gift, vb.absolute gift. See inter vivos gift.) INTER VIVOS means "inter vivos (in-t<Ir 
vI-vohs or vee-vohs), adj. [Latin" between the living"] (1837) Of or relating to ‘property conveyed not by will or in 
contemplation of an imminent death, but during the conveyor's lifetime. inter vivos, adv.inter vivos gift. See GIFT" in 
short, the BODY is GIFT-dead/gifted via the REGISTERING/SURRENDING the GIVEN name, thus G.1.F.T/ 
Gamete Intra-Fallopian Transfer or CONCEPTION POINT/ rendering the/any/all body(ies) CROWN 
COPYRIGHT PROPERTY by CONSENT of the CREATORS of that body, are therefore, DEAD BY YOUR OWN 
ADMISSION UPON ANY/ALL USE OF/BY/FOR/IN USE OF/BY FOR/IN ANY/ALL LEGAL NAME(S)/ALIASES etc. 
and therefore have NO CLAIM against any/all who KNOW otherwise. Truth does not require your BELIEF 
where doubt exists, truth merely seeks denial or acceptance where IGNORANCE is fully removed; A fraud 
revealed is null and void nunc pro tunc, tunc pro nunc, ab initio, ad infinitum where the BIRTH 
CERTIFICATE fraud with INTENT to deceive is revealed; 

Inasmuch as you are LEGALLY DEAD (proven with any/all CROWN CORPSE IDENTIFICATION use, you have 
no voice in this matter where only the living can speak since you are, in fact, a walking talking 
FRAUD/FALSE PERSONATOR by your willful consent by claiming to be/using any/all forms of CROWN 
CORPORATION IDENTIFICATION; (def; impersonation. (18c) The act of impersonating someone. Also termed personation. 
false impersonation. (1878) The crime of falsely representing oneself as another person, usu. a law-enforcement officer, 


for the purpose of deceiving someone. See 18 USCA §§ 912-917. Also termed false personation.(Cases: False 
Personation ~~ 1.] 


* please note, it doesn't say someone pretending to be a law enforcement officer but rather states 
clearly that it IS usually a law enforcement officer...such is the letter of Luciferian law 


Here's a little something else for YOU to ponder with regards to BEARING FALSE WITNESS/FALSE 
PERSONATION/FABRICATING FALSE EVIDENCE; 


Giving or fabricating false evidence with intent to procure conviction of a capital offence 
194. Whoever gives or fabricates false evidence, intending thereby to cause, or knowing it to be likely 
that he will thereby cause, any person to be convicted of an offence which is capital by this Code, or 
under any other law for the time being in force, shall be punished with imprisonment for life, or with 
imprisonment for a term which may extend to 20 years, and shall also be liable to fine; and if an 
innocent person is convicted and executed in consequence of such false evidence, the person who 
gives such false evidence shall be punished either with death or the punishment hereinbefore 
described. 


Any/all claims made to FORCE assumption/presumption is, in fact, fabricating false evidence/bearing 
false witness where a living spirit is being LEGALLY MURDERED to entice them into commission of FRAUD 
and SLAVERY and is TREASON upon the living spirit of that being. Any/all AGENTS of/for/by/in their OATH 

to the owners of THE CROWN CORPORATION are, in fact, DEAD BY CONSENT where bearing false 
witness, false personation, fabricating false evidence is the very nature of their "professions"/ for-to 
make weary Latin; pro-fessio. 


If you are holding, causing to be held, detaining, harming, imprisoning, arresting, injecting, force feeding 
poisons a.k.a. drugs, restraining, murdered, threatened, stolen from, raped, etc. any/all beings who have, 
of their own free willed choice made you AWARE that they are removed from any/all 
assumption/presumption of FRAUDULENT LEGAL NAME(S)/ALIASES ETC ET AL you are GUILTY of the 
aforementioned charges that rule the DEAD BY CONSENT beings that think/believe/duped into 
thinking/convinced they are a LEGAL NAME(S) are, in fact, delusional and literally 
psychopathic/sociopathic in nature. Feel free to research and prove this otherwise. It is NOW incumbent 
upon YOU to remedy your own delusions in this matter and in this regard lest you harm/continue to 
harm another living being. The BIRTH CERTIFICATE is PRIMA FACIA evidence of the owners of the 
CROWN CORPORATION of INTENT to deceive/commit fraud upon all/any humanity forced to use one for 
the purposes of procuring IDENTIFICATION to X-cyst/life-cyst in the "Whore of Babylon" COMMERCE 
using THEIR "Mark of the Beast"....at least now you know what those terms were referring to all 
along....have a nice day! 


Read the following: 


Due to your in-cyst-stance to murder people spiritually every day along with your fellow parasites 
through the legal NAME soul trap, yours and every other servant of the dark's souls are now forfeit...You 
serve the "Whore of Babylon" commerce/CROWN corpse with your Mark of the Beast (LEGAL NAME) as 

your consent to be dead, of the dead, serving the dead and those that are YOUR masters through your 
free will choice to do so...it is that choice that has your soul and countless other ignorant fools like 
yourself in the BOND-age....all harms you create are the same ones you WILL experience with this little 
note to remind you burned and etched in your mind every time you ask the question "why me?".....at 
least now you know, you did it to yourself...it is my wish that you see this and stop your evil ways....the 
rest is NOW up to you so don't bitch about the pain from the nails in your own hands and feet because 
YOU are the one that swung the hammer to put yourself there....you are nothing more than a Ba'al 

BONDSMAN...no, the term "bail" is not a coincidence, it is your phonics clue to expose your self- 

destruction....have a nice day! 


now you know what was really being said in Revelations 18 where the religio-chosis chosenitus priests of 
Ba'al taught you fairy tales in their churches, sin-a-GOG's, tempt-pulls and masks where the fools of 
humanity swallowed the kool-aid blindly....bo0ttoms up fool or choose...kate 


Just a little heads up for all privateers/dead by consent types being named and brought into 
the light as the criminals you are...your days of pirating/harming the people through their 
"vessels" are over. The "registered NAME" is the name of the vessel, as you are aware and all 
property joined to that vessels' NAME is cargo that you love to steal and pillage on behalf of 
your banking masters that give you treats. Here's a little fact for you all to consider; every 
action you do against another that harms them is permanent, one that cannot be erased and 
shall be balanced according to universal law, not man made statute nonsense. That which you 
have wished upon another is YOUR wish granted in return. 


Your oaths have been sworn to your various fictitious corporations/dead entities and you are 
bound by/of and for them that make slaves of each and every one of you where you are 
become as children stealing from others in the playground. No, you are being watched and 


reported on, called out by name now as the hijackers you are. You may wish to read up on the 
Geneva conventions recently put into full force and effect worldwide. These apply to you all 
inasmuch as you are part of the Admiralty fleet and thus; military. 


| would suggest getting up to speed on much of my writings as well to give you a better 

overview of your very weak positions on the grand scale as this planet awakens more and 
more every day where you have a choice as to which side you will be on, one of the creators 
of humanity, or one of the destroyers. Your actions of daily theft/harm/poisonings makes you 

fully the latter. What ye sow, so shall ye reap is the message I recall reading once in all the 

ancient tomes...find attached various truths to enable you to see your crimes against 

humanity as well as the links to further your own awakening. Regardless, you are now on the 

world stage for all to see and I do love making criminals famous, much love, kate of gaia... 


p.s. | made a judge bow once on camera in MY courtroom, as you will bow to humanity as 
well. Visiting http://kateofgaia.wordpress.com is where you can further your educations on 
how to be human again and learn to stop raping others, especially yourselves serving those 

that make us all slaves...quite insane if you ask me and | do like to get the word out to 
millions worldwide....and | do so daily...neat eh? 


