Babylon Is Fallen by kate u/v kaia 


1. NAME: The master key to the entire system's/CROWN CORPORATION'S game. The 
NAME is the lynch pin to the entire legal/control construct. Without a LEGAL NAME, 
which is your consent by agreeing to be said NAME, the system vampires cannot literally 
feed on your life blood/creation source energy that is typically shown in the physical 
materials we collect. It is only the CONSENT to be/use/have a LEGAL NAME/Mark of the 
Beast that is required for your absolute spiritual contract/deal with the devil motif to be 
in FULL FORCE AND EFFECT with you as a SLAVE and them as MASTER. For PROOF of 
this, look and see how much of your life/existence involves a LEGAL NAME and you will 
see the measure of control the system has over you. 


2. REGISTER/REGISTRATION etc. : Any/all things registered are FULLY SURRENDERED 
with consent to the CROWN CORPORATION with NO legal recourse until such things are 
removed by exposing the INTENT by those who serve the CROWN CORPORATION to 
commit fraud knowingly/unknowingly. 


ex: A child that is REGISTERED is CROWN PROPERTY by ignorant consent where the truth 
of REGISTERING was not brought forth which is the original INTENT by CROWN 
CORPORATION SERVANT'S OWNERS to have people offer their children unknowingly into 
slavery of soul, and thus, body. It's the soul they're really after, so keep that in mind. 


3. MONEY, GOLD, SILVER, ASSETS, BITCOIN etc. are ALL illusions of value where YOU are 

the true creator of all physical manifestations. Money, external value, has been the tool 

as the third party interloper "middle man" that has made draining your power possible. 

Money or the like only has value if one has been duped into thinking it does. This illusion 

is the ultimate distraction and destroyer of creator souls, literally. ALL money is based on 
the soul CONTRACT commonly known as a BIRTH CERTIFICATE. 


4. BIRTH CERTIFICATE: The ORIGINAL SIN CONTRACT. The NAME you think/claim as 
yours is NOT your creation. Your "assumed NAME" was created by your parents/family 
members/adoptive kin, NOT YOU. This is an ORIGINAL CREATION manifested by another 
that is, in turn, REGISTERED thus rendering it CROWN CORPORATION PROPERTY as 
previously stated. It is upon this deception that YOUR literal soul was and is enslaved and 


upon which ALL MONEY/DEBT is created. A DEBT BOND "value" was placed in the BIRTH 
CERTIFICATE based on the assumed accruement of TAXES, LOANS, DEBTS a child is 
expected to pay as long as they are part of this FRAUD upon humanity. 


ex: If someone is expected to pay a certain amount of taxes etc. in their lifetime, the 
BOND is given a DEBT "VALUE". A child born into a wealthy family will have a higher debt 
bond value than someone who is of a lesser perceived "income bracket" rating. This is 
slave trading at its finest which divides and conquers humanity in the 
SERF/CASTE/HIERARCHY system that encompasses the planet. 


5. COMMAND AND CONTROL: The courts and governments are the system slaves 
within, bought and paid for where the true command and control aspects are the 
POLICE/MILITARY as the front line dogs and fear contractors for those above the courts 
and governments such as the BANKS/RELIGIONS and those that control them. The courts 
and governments are merely the filler for this "sandwich" of deception and illusion. 
Without the ability to CONTRACT via any/all NAMES at the front line level, the whole 
system of control is destroyed, most importantly those at the very top of this spiritual 

slavery pyramid. Without the NAME, all levels above are ultimately annihilated 


completely. 


6. THE TRIPLE CROWN: This consists of ROME, CITY OF LONDON CROWN CORPORATION 
and WASHINGTON D.C. They are the unholy trinity of the 3 in 1, 1 in 3 as illustrated 
clearly in the Papal Crown: Religion, to control the beliefs, minds and spirituality of 
humanity, the Courts and Banks to control the money/bonds and the world Police/ 

Military to quash rebellion and act as frontline contractors of soul extractions. 


7. PRINCIPALITIES OF DARKNESS: This is the true nature of the game that the vastness of 
humanity is blind to. Religions have been used to separate you from source by making 
one believe "god" is external and use the "savior" program to reinforce this. Money is 

the tool that is used to keep people in the physical-only realm by getting them to equate 
an external "value" on everything where nothing would exist without the people and 

their creativity. Physical death and harm is the tool used to clamp down your true 


essence which is all creation itself. The tools employed are languages with the 
corruption of pure frequency intent with multiple meanings of the same 
sounds/frequencies, using WORDS and SPELLINGS (literally), thus dividing and 
conquering us and redirecting our energy into THEIR creations and control. These 
entities CANNOT create anything since they are soulless and thus, utterly powerless. 
They know this and are absolutely terrified because this spells their doom, once and for 
all. We are life with consciousness where these entities are consciousness without 
life/soul/spirit. They are COMPLETELY AND SOLELY DEPENDENT on getting our CONSENT 
or spiritual contract agreement and this is easily achieved through the NAME deception, 
buying people off, ego comforts etc. Their whole house of cards/pyramid is BASED on 
this FACT. We are the fuel for their system/vehicle. Without spiritual fuel, they are 
destroyed. 


The biggest program that we run into with the masses is the sheer disbelief of their own 
power and who they truly are. A masterful job has been done to get humanity to this 
level of spiritual weakness and complete ignorance. This was the intent of corrupting the 
ancient truths, re-writing our past and presenting this in schools, churches and all levels 
of ego academia. Repeat a lie often enough and people will believe it. It is far easier 
selling a giant lie to the masses than selling us one by one. The media is the main tool of 
thought direction and manipulation to reinforce the lies we were filled with as children 
and up to our current state. 


We have many soulless entities on this planet with the vast majority being placed in 
positions of power and control, be it police, courts, media, churches, governments, 
schools, military at ALL levels. Fear is their only tool and once one sees one's own true 
immortal nature, one becomes untouchable; literally. The mass hypnosis of humanity is 
deep and you will meet all levels of resistance from friends, family, co-workers etc. so 
don't bother trying to wake those consenting to be dead. The facts to prove this are all 
there for all to see so it is up to them to look, not you. Simply plant the seed and walk 
away. They are the same as the ones in the allegory of Noah that came to the ark too 
late; let them drown. 


We are now at the culmination of destroying these entities once and for all and they are 


pulling out all the fear porn, illusion and desperation plugs and in that process, they're 
sinking their own ship where | merely hand them a better plug-puller now. YOU and only 
YOU can save yourself and no-one else so stop killing yourself trying. Let the dead bury 
the dead and perhaps they'll "get it" on the next pass but they are NOT your concern. 
Stay the course. The path home is the one of truth only and nothing else. Your 
willingness to stand in truth is yours alone and to the degree that you stand will be the 
same degree that you become untouchable spiritually and, as a result, physically. As 
above, so below after all. 


There is no "middle ground" here, you're either in or out of Babylon. You are either 
master or slave, mortal or immortal. The soul, YOU, are infinite where the body is merely 
a biological computer you operate. Your computer was infiltrated and corrupted 
(reptilian brain stem/fused chromosomes) and separated from the heart source mind. 
The soulless ones cannot experience compassion so don't expect them to. They are the 
same as the Terminator droids in the movies, programmed to control and kill without 
remorse and are easy to spot. They are everywhere including your own family, friends 
etc. and all you have to do is "feel" your way through. Let your instincts and your heart 
be your guide. 


We are clearing this reality of these parasites exponentially now where universal law 
reigns supreme where none shall or can trespass. They are masters of deception so do 
not let your loving compassion be used against you, something that has been their most 
powerful tools. The bio-borg entities are already lifeless and are dependent only on 
being able to suck the life out of you but, like every vampire, they cannot enter your 
reality without an invitation. Every use of the legal NAME is the only invitation they need 
so best cut your ties and consent with that. Just get this concept and you have already 
cut the puppet strings and your causal ability returns instantly in relation to your ability 
to be responsible with that ultimate of powers. 


To the "walking dead" (and you know what you are) , your time is over, your deceptions 
are powerless and now moment by now moment, you are being erased from 
consciousness for the invading parasites you are. We, of the living soul, are awake, 
aware and reclaiming our reality where yours never existed. In short, yes, you are 
doomed. Have a nice day! kate!!! 


