Behold, a White Canvas..... by Kate of Gaia 


Before you, stands a canvas, stark, pure and white. You are the artist 


and this is your canvas to display your inner pictures. It is meant 


for you to paint on and no-one and nothing else can paint on it if you 
don't allow them to, such is free will choice, the absolute maxim of 


universal law. Therein lays the biggest illusion of all in that we 
allow others to paint our pictures with their thoughts and globbed 


smears that we allow to pollute our picture. I begin each day with a 


brand new canvas, open for me and no-one else to paint on unless we're 
painting the same tapestry of resonance. I do not allow for anyone to 


walk by and toss manure on my canvas as I will not do that to another. 


It has been a long road to get to this canvas so I've gotten somewhat 


guarded of its purity. We all have the same white canvas at the start 
of every day and how that painting looks when we put our heads down to 


sleep at the end of every day are only what we have painted and 
allowed others to share on it, be it good or bad. 


My best paintings are those that have had many join me in the crafting 
of it where we all keep this painting pure as our original, not 
regurgitated ideas of those wishing to spoil it. The paint brush is 
your intention and your will. To the degree that you let others add 


beauty or filth is also your choice and will. I see many who, every 


day, let others smear their canvases with anger, hate, greed, lust 
etc. where many of them add that to their own canvases in response. 
When we re-act, re-spawn-ed and add fire to these things, we become in 
the image of the mirror creator of that energy(re-act) by giving it 


life(re-spawn) and we burn our canvases to ash in the destructive 


versus creative fires. There is good and evil in everything, it is 


only the perspective and intent we put forth that gives one or the 
other life. 


I have had to eat many big blue pills in this life but they're getting 


easier to swallow be it because my throat has expanded by virtue of 


the crows eaten or because they're simply getting smaller. I feel it 
to be the latter now having choked on truths many times in the past. I 
no longer paint scenes of extreme drama as this whirled would have me 


paint because of the literal canvas control placed on it by others. 
still get the occasional muddy bits on my pictures but they have 
become easier to wipe away inasmuch as I have chosen to act like the 
creator we all are. 


When one considers the canvas of a child, one can see very quickly 


their paintings are begun for them where they didn't know they had a 


canvas of pure white to begin with. This is the greatest lessen a 
child can give us; to remind us of how pure our own palettes should 


be. We, being creatures of habit, have simply given up holding our own 
paintbrushes to paint our own pictures and we hand them over to others 
to do our painting for us. Television, radio, Hollywood, magazines, 


schools, churches etc ad nauseum ad infinitum paint pictures for the 
masses if the masses allow them that and, unfortunately, most do. They 


even tell you in the original Catholic Church that you have to go to 
“mass”. 


The painting you have long claimed as your own is nothing but a 
smeared glob of all the things you were “taut” to “believe” be it 


through traditions, religions, clubs, groups, families and all manner 
of divisive means. In short, most believe only what they have allowed 
to be painted by others with the majority of those never having had an 
original thought since the last remnants of their childlike innocence 


were painted over by parents at first, and everything and everyone 


else that followed. The only question I have ever liked to ask myself 
was why. 


Someone tells me something and I ask why and,then, where is that 
coming from? Our white canvases have been so splattered with 
proverbial shite that most forget it was white in the first place. The 
one thing I like about truth is that there is no amount of disputing 


it that can ever change it. I bemoan everything that people like to 
push forth as their own cause, their own ideas when, in fact, it is 


just another borrowed ideal from someone else to keep them distracted. 
So many are caught up in the repainting of what happened and never act 
on the why it happened even after the truth is laid bare before them. 


a 


People have forgotten the fundamentals of deception while they are 


busy looking impressive being deceived by knowing so much about this 


topic or that occurrence. I used to be one of them then one day, I 


snapped out of that illusion of illusion. I would suppose I was one of 


the lucky ones in that regard having spent my lifetime seeking the 
irst place. 


E 


why’s in the 


As an example, I will take you, the reader or listener to task on this 


inasmuch as I did it to myself. Here’s a few “why” questions for you. 


If you are religious, why do you believe in whatever god form you 
believe in? Was it because you actually met this being or was it 
because Mommy and Daddy told you what religion you were and then 
dragged your sorry ass to whatever house of warship that was their 
particular favour. Why do you vote for someone you know is going to 


rip you off no matter how many promises they make? Do you honestly 
believe that somehow, something is going to be different doing the 


pas 


same things over and over the same way? That’s defined as insanity. 
People do this because the canvas hasn’t been theirs for most of their 
lives and they don’t want to be viewed as “different”...I think I have 


that one nailed with full bitching rites. 


When people can wake up to the fact that they’ve been walking around 


spewing other peoples beliefs and ideas for a lifetime, they will want 


to start painting on their own hopefully. Factor in the “spellings” 
that have been cast over humanity and it simply boggles the mind. Not 
only are people using another’s words, the words are an even bigger 
trap. When someone else has taken over your easel, it is not 


surprising that all your pictures will be skewed right from the start. 


This is why it’s so easy to keep people fighting because the truth be 
known, it’s someone else’s fight that was programmed into them. One 


religion fights another religion because tradition says so. If you are 
a patriot, you’re dangerous to those not of your particular stripe and 


fanaticism so don’t be surprised if some re-cyst-ance is met with. 


Your tapestry is painted with someon lse’s team colours that you 
were born into, much in the same way that being born a “royal” makes 
them better too? Yeah, right. 


There comes a point in your life where you will have to choose to keep 
running with the same pictures that were painted for you or you will 
have to decide to take a scraper to your canvas and start again; this 
time with you holding all the brushes and colours. The first helpful 


Pas 


hint for many will be that we all bleed red, we all feel pain when 


we’re shot because of someone else using our crayons, we all feel 


every emotion and until we see that, the madness will continue. I just 


E 


chose a long time ago to burn the canvas and really start from scratch 


in that I supplied my own, new canvas. Sorry, I’m afraid that you're 


all at the mercy of the drawings of others until you choose to take 
the palette back. I mean, seriously, if you hand a drunk the keys to 
your car and they smash it up, whose fault is it, the drunk or you? 


Hand a thief your money and you expect them to keep it safe for you? 
Hire a crook to run your household finances and you really expect to 


P- 


have money at the end of the month? This is the madness I speak of. 


E S 


you take the leash off a rabid dog please expect it to bite 
someone. The program running the strongest on the white board is one 


of blame and fault with everyone convinced that they must look to an 


outside cause for all their woes. Then they use one religion or 


another to convince people that somehow they will be saved by another 


illusion outside of themselves. They use what is preached from the 
fiery pulpits of literalism and engage in wars with the cry of “my god 


is better than your god and I’1l kill you to prove it” emblazoned on 
their breast cloths. Our canvases are so putrefied with the hate 
served by another it’s a wonder we can carry it around with us at all, 
laden with the tripe of those that have been far more duped than they 
real eyes. Their paintings consist of religions, sports or music icons 


of worship, TV dramas in a myriad of bread and circuses that keep them 
in the Roman Coliseums of their left minds. 


This is where my-story/mystery became his-story/hy-stery/hysterical 
both figuratively and literally. This is the harbour of pearls where 


all our ships/minds were either sunk or damaged with only few 


escaping. The sad irony in all of this is that every story is the same 
one with the same lessons and truths contained yet that singular story 
has been skewed to a level that has most looking in infinite 
directions where there has only ever been one “whirred”. In the 


beginning was the word, singular in nature and concept with infinite 
telling’s of the same story with infinite cast members and tapestries. 


The most obvious canvas is the one overhead where the truth is 


revealed in the darkness of the night and this is exactly where we 
have all been indoctrinated to just see pretty stars etc. and overlook 
this wondrous story. 


This is why religions simply had to steer you away from it and force 
putrid pictures of death, incest, pedophilia, rape, men and god at 


war, destruction and mayhem down our throats from a pulpit manned by 


the most ignorant of all. It is one thing to believe what another is 


£ 


saying from a feigned position of power but it is quite another for 


the one spewing it in full ignorance of the truth is quite another and 


should be pitied, never hated. The good news is that we can simply 


turn our canvases over and paint on the side that has never been seen 
or touched and begin filling it with our own ideas, not those of 
others. In order to do this a few choices have to be made and the 


biggest and first one must be to accept that everything you were ever 


taught was wrong, at least from the perspectiv 


It is sheer ignorance that has mankind trapped, nothing else...free 
will choice can never be trespassed so they must tell us everything 


and do everything that is good and paint it as evil in that most will 
flee, argue, kill etc. to keep themselves from the truth, 


divided/divine-dead and conquered/con-cur-red. The night canvas over 
your head is the same one that is inside your head and your body, the 


as above, so below. Everything outside of you, as in the whirled you 
see, are only clues to the real truths contained within though we have 
been conditioned to break that most perfect of mirrors. We can no 
longer see the true reflections of ourselves because the paintings we 


use, painted by another are always pointing out, not in. All too often 
we put full weights and measures on things outside of ourselves to try 
and understand ourselves within but, to me, that is backwards and 
exactly how those that would control our paintings want us to see and 
act. By our own ignorance and actions, we trap ourselves as they 
gently nudge us deeper into the illusions with the risk of waking us 


up fully as well. Such is the absolute nature of free will choice. 


If you are at war within, you are at war without because that is the 
canvas you are working from and until you see that it is not yours and 


hasn’t been for a very long time you will continue to use this 


shredded portrait of yourself to sell your “war-es”. This is why I 


love to shred “egos” because I know that they are not the pure 
paintings of the one I am conversing with. The ego is the painting of 
another that has people convinced that it is them. I look around me 


uv 


every day and see these “paintings” in full display where I will not 
buy a worthless copy and prefer only the original works of art that 
you all are if you could but see that as I do. The ego is a 


counterfeit, the shell that has you encased and entombed where your 


true sun will never rise until you roll the stone back which is as 


simple as a choice. This is not rocket science people; it is about 


shutting up long enough to actually see who you truly are. Most won’t 
even consider that until life in this illusion has shut them down ina 


depression where they will still look to blame others in their asking 
of the “why me?” question. 


No..I know better now. This is why the Gnostics were so feared and per- 
se-cut-ed. “Gno” means to KNOW and the suffix of “-ics” means “matters 


relevant to”...and when it comes to any “organ-eyes-ed re-legion”, 
that’s a perpetual (for pet you all) “gno-gno”. Only when you can 
understand the spells and spellings with eyes and ears in unison, can 
you begin to start seeing the magnitude of our dumbing down and pure 
“I-gno-rants” we merrily paint over this most white and precious 


canvas you got when you arrived here on Gaia. I chose a very long time 
ago to be original in my paintings and not counterfeit my art using 


those “ass-spects” of charlatans and deceivers. The “de-see-vers” 


nv ” 


( ver -truth, verily, very etc.) are as in “not truthful 


goods”. That whirred alone should tell you all you need to know about 


very-war 


the canvas that surrounds you “everywhere” in that this is all an 


illusion, one grand illusion after another. If you pay attention (a- 
10-shun) you too will begin to peel back the apocalypse that shrouds 
you in darkness. I dare you to peek out from under that veil and see 
the brand new canvas that awaits your most perfect art without Cain 


lobbing shite all over it because as I see you all I can say when your 
eyes light up with an epiphany is this....Behold...a white canvas....now 


go grab some new brushes and paint me something “be-you-Te-full”..you 


did it as a child, time to be that child again....looking forward to 
your new gallery, much love, Kate of Gaia... 


