Cain and Abel by kate of gaia 


While the masses stare utterly blinded by the literal reality they accept as real, 
they will miss the greatest show in the universe. They will grovel at the feet of 
their masters, in churches, synagogues, mosques and the like and will cry when 
their masters beat them but, return they will, until such a time as they start to 
reach beyond this litter of the all. | have covered this particular literary couple 
many times and, as far as I can tell, | was the one that put a feminine face to Abel 
where everyone thought her to be a male, a brother to Cain where she was his 
sister/psi-star. 


They are the representation of the energies of Magnetic and Electric or the ME. 
Please put aside all notions of coincidence because, there are none, unless your 
ego programming wishes to argue a truth of truths and render you a fool once 
more. When you can finally accept that sound creates all things physical and 
material, then, and only then, will you finally grasp the power of the spells called 
whirreds. If | can create a shape, put my intention via sound in it, then convince 
you that that shape means something and you agree, then | own your mind with 
MY intentions AND control your utter creational spirit breath or Rho. 


This is why we need to grasp the concept of phonics of a whirred versus the 
spellings lest we be rendered spellbound by another's intent constantly. These 
sigils, letters, numb-ers and symbols/cymbals (spirit of creation war) have been 

well indoctrinated into all of us where, by our agreement of what they 
say/se'/create or sound like, has us invoking the spells of another. Once you break 
this spell by removing all perceived rules and stop only using the original creators 
intentions of all grammar, all languages, you can then now use these rules or 
"laws/lahs" against them. Roman law is based on Phoenician law therefore, those 
who make the rules MUST obey the rules where | choose to use the rules of 
creation itself now. 


Take Cain for example. He was a tiller of the earth, one who reaps a harvest from 
the seeds planted and, when he appeared before god in the story, god was very 
displeased. Abel on the other hand brought a flock of sheep, an allegory for the 

little children commonly known as humanity. Let me show you a myriad of 
perspectives on how their names give the game away. Cain, sounds like cane and 
something you need to be Abel to walk if one is crippled somehow. Abel is just 


that; quite Abel to walk without a Cain. The two prefixes of "in" and "a" can both 
mean "not". Ca can sound like Ka or Sa and "bel" can be spelled "bell" and that 
word can be "something to ring" or "war". Remember, there are no rules now 


where only your intent is concerned. 


Let's take a look at all the potential intentions we can have once we break these 
spells. It is only necessary that you get the concept, not the redefinition of 
literally every word. That's a good thing because the words can take on countless 
forms and meanings where the original intent is safe until you regain your intent 
by reclaiming your tongue/taurus/torus/torahs etc. So Cain can mean "spirit not", 
"spirit in", crippled, a sugar, unconditional love with yin in the mirror (a/6 and 


e/9, yin and yang) of "I" made mine. Cain, like Abel can be both positive and 


negative, equal and opposite all at the same time. Duality creates the split where 
I'm showing how to re-fuse that union/onion by peeling the layers. A-bel can 


mean "a war" or "no war", yin war, know war, a bell, no bell/Nobel etc. 


It is far more important and, only important, that you get the concept of 
removing all programmar-ed rue-els/rules/roux-els so that you can set yourself 
free of this spelling trap. As soon as you get the "aha!" moment regarding this, 
the spell is broken. This is a spiritual game that humanity, for the most part for 

eons, has been playing in from the physical, literal meatstick angle/angel only but 
then, that's the point of the game to me. Also, once this finally sets into your new 
way of seeing/hearing things, you will begin to see/hear an exponential increase 
in your supposed coincidences where the magic begins to unveil itself in short 
order. 


The game is simple to me; it's not what we do to set ourselves free individually, 
it's what we do to free ALL of humanity and consciousness free that matters. As 
this unfolds you may get the notion that if the spells no longer trap your 
intention, can they be used in the mirror? The easy and most accurate answer is 
yes you can but not from a vengeance intent lest you be at effect to those self- 
same intentions yet again which keeps you going circular. | think it's safe to say 
that those who work for the system are far more asleep and living in the literal 
material world more than us non? Are they owned by their money, their greed 
and are they transfixed on this reality being real? Yup. So, if we were falling under 
the Phonecian spell, then so must they be only deeper and more at effect to it. 
Looks like we have the upper hand in intent now then doesn't it? 


This is where you begin to see your intentions manifesting in real time where you 
are seeing things from the "look what | caused" versus "look at how emotionally 
roped in | am". We are literally at effect to our own causes, see them as an 
external effect from an external source as to how they affect us emotionally, get 
all dramatic about it, either positive or negative, and spiral deeper down being 
the continuous, at effect, to the effect, of the effect, ad nauseum. Only when we 
regain our sight of the true cause of everything in our perceived reality being 
ourself, the literal world loses its grip on you and the magnificence of your 
creation ability starts to return. 


If | can control your intent, | will control your cause. If | can invoke an emotion, | 
own your mind. Thoughts are seeds and why god was disappointed with Cain 
because Cain brought back the goods from external seeds planted and grown 

west of Eden (physical realm) where Abel brought forth creation itself in the shee- 

p or she-rho, the divine nurturing feminine creative spirit breath from the east 

(spiritual realm). This is why we need to shut Cain down, the left brain, because 

he will plant any seed offered to him from the physical literal, every nasty 
thought, every harmful intention will be grown and harvested by those who 
partake in his worldly garden. Abel lives in the garden of Eden of the right brain, 
the rite or ritual brain. None of her thoughts can reach you until you silence Cain, 
the lamb, clear the RAM drive of Aries/Ares, god of war where the ROM or Rome 
drive is yours internally where it was shadowed in this realm with a phi-psi-cull 
city. 


Rome or Rho-Ommmm is and always was yours and the physical one only 
represents everything inside of you. When you are at effect to the physical and 
literal Rome shenannigans, your creative abilty is being harvested, thus the phi 

(golden mean of creation), psi (the spirit), cull (to harvest or cull the herd/heard). 
This is why | made the physical Rome my prime target at the beginning of my 
quest because where you find the darkest of dark, you will also finds the lightest 
of light effects. The only real question is; "Can you neutralize/new trinity of all 
eyes it?" In this fractal creation of ours, everything that is external must also be 
internal, as within so without, as above so below. Can you see yourself reflected 
in this world or not since you are, in fact, reflecting it? | am now witnessing my 
own awakening potential with all the other parts of me that are resonating with 

what | and others share regarding this information. 


When someone thanks me for what | share | also thank them equally in being the 
proof of my own awakening, where | am and where | need to go to shift laterally 
into the timeline | am intending. If we are yelling at the movie screen which is ALL 
things external, we are at effect and trapped via our emotions. We have allowed 
another to rule our thoughts/intents via emotions because we are somehow 
offended. We are then constantly at emotional effect to the physical effect of our 
own creation. Did we create god in our image or not? This is the shadow realm 
with infinite clues and confirmations once we truly begin to accept that all things 
are perfect. 


If someone's day to day reality is jail, arresting, courts etc. like the Crown fiction 
types, how difficult will it be for them to imagine themselves in their own 
prisons? All it takes is for you to offer their Cain a real seed they can manifest in 
their reality and then let nature take its course. How many times has the fear 
seed been planted in your west of Eden field where you nurtured that thought to 
culmination and also reaped the harvest of it? Yup, every single time. What's cool 
about that, is that it works both ways and, once you reclaim your living spiritual 
aspect, you become pure cause and pure Abel to do this. | know, | do it every day 
now and simply watch my crops flourish with confirmation after confirmation 
(with fire/phi-Re Mother love creation mine) showing up. 


My seeds are of a benevolent nature and thus, my intent is the same harvest. 
Sometimes you have to plant ragweed but then I'm very selective into which 
gardens | put those seeds.After all, | learned all | know with the ragweed seeds 
having been planted in my own garden. My ritings are those seeds. What you are 
facing at all points in life are the tests to see how good your seeds are. If you have 
conflicts, you're genetically modifying your seeds to suit the fields so what are 
you really planning to harvest....roses? | think not. 


In each of us lives the ME, the magnetic-electric of all creation inasmuch as we 
are all creations viewpoint from a rather narrow point of you. It is difficult to 
comprehend this vastness because it has been a very long time illusion since we 
have been Abel to do that. For me, this is beyond wondrous knowing that | am 
experiencing all things from all my other points of you where you are exactly the 
same. | am just another point of you, sharing this reality from this angel/angle's 
perspective. This is an infinite ladder (law-der or law of god) with infinite 
potentials and possibilities where we must see our own rungs, where we're at 


and remember, versus judge, others from a previos point of you to see how far 
we're climbing or falling on these rings once rungs. 


As | see the very threads of creation weaving now with all things in all things, the 
word miraculous or mirror cull us, pales in comparison. Indeed, behold a pale 
horse/whores/Horus. As each illusional minute ticks by, I am sliding laterally into 
the timeline of my choice where ALL things | experience are accepted without 
limitations or expectations to allow my chosen intent to fully manifest. Did | 
mention that you are all superstars in my movie yet? We all must journey into the 
Labrynth to slay our own Minotaurs, our beasts within our humanity. The 
Minotaur is half man, half beast and once the duality of this physical realm is 
slain, the path out is easier because we left all the breadcrumbs to find our way 
home. 


In the grand illusion cosmic joke we're playing on ourself here, we have to simply 
decide if we're going to fall for it or have a good laugh and climb on. Ther man- 
beast will be constantly trying to pull you back down the ladder with emotional 
traps to see if you'll still bite on illusions hook. It comes well baited with every 

drama imaginable to draw you in, to pull you back onto life's drama stage. | 
choose the only role | wish for now and that is one of the director with the option 
of making the odd cameo (spirit of my creation ka-me-o) appearance simply to 
have the experience now. It is a free willed choice, one made with an awareness 
long hidden and one of pure creational intent to play this movie in whatever 
direction | want now. 


| keep the immutable law of never trespass in the forefront of my mind and live 
by the prime directive of non-interference as the neutral observer and enter the 
scenes only when asked by another of same intent. You see, as-king a quest-ion is 
fairly wide open so don't be surprised if | only offer you a quest-ion in the mirror. 
This game is yours to play as it is mine and we have the free will choice to have in 
our movies everyone that so chooses to be there, again, with their own and my 
own free willed choice. That's when free will becomes true will and where the 
real magic begins. Only when you real eyes and see the definitive separation of 
body and spirit in the same way as oil and water that can never touch, will you 
real eyes the purpose of the mind as the walking between worlds YOU. 


Cain will forever be jealous of Abel and he will kill her at the first instant you look 


away, to plant seeds of discord to keep your mind here and away from your god 
self. It wouldn't be a game otherwise. This is the fundamental root of the tree of 
life and knowledge to me. Only when we separate these things can we begin to 
fuse them properly to bring real causal action into our intentions. If you fail to see 
this, you will be at constant effect of others intent so don't bitch about it; it's your 
own fault as it was mine. That is not to say you or | have made a mistake because 
we haven't, we simply had another experience of contrast to climb even higher 
and higher on this ladder. 


So, where do we go from here? | ask myself that all the time and then I imagine 
the reality | wish for and hold that position trusting fully that | am in my own arms 
and finished with letting myself down based on the seeds grown via Cain. Once | 
see or have seen the things | don't want, | have created all the contrasts in the 
mirror of the things | do want and it manifests accordingly with the only 
difference now being that | now own my intent where it was owned by another. 
It's like someone holding onto something for you until you were ready to take it 
back for fear of harming yourself because you weren't sure you could. 


The certainty of beingness has to be achieved first because | have long said that it 
isn't a good idea to give a five year old matches and a bucket of gasoline just to 
see what happens. We've all been there and ther are many beyond that and still 
many more that aren't. This is just an observation of my own limitations where | 

have chosen only to have the tools of creation where | will use them properly, 
from the neutral position where the intent is only creation, nothing more, 

nothing less. We can not be at peace with others if we are at war with ourselves 
and we cannot be at peace with ourselves if we are war with others either. It all 

works nicely in the mirror with the biggest challenge being looking into it properly 

in the first place. 


| don't have all the answers but | have every imaginable or I'm a genie Abel quest- 
ion infinitely so the game to me is all about quest-ions, especially the impossible 
one to answer; why? Any child can teach you that and why | ask that question so 
often because every time | do, it sends Cain into a tizzy and makes Abel giggle like 
the infinite schoolgirl she is. The Masonic can say "order out of chaos" all day long 
where | mirror it with "chaos out of order" because they are both the same thing 
though | felt it important to have both sides so that | may find balance. Cain can 
be a powerful tool or make you into one, the choice is yours and like truth, it's 


free. 


