Choices....by kate of gaia 


The path we walk is a narrow one. The roads around it 
are wide and colourfully distracting. You will find 
most of the people out there on those roads and very 
few that can manage the narrows. Scylla and Charybdis, 
the devil and the deep blue sea will be on each side of 
you in the age old, damned if you do, damned if you 
don't dichotomy. It takes a steady helmsman to steer 
any ship through these treacherous waters and few 
survive the journey. The temptations will be vast, 
varied and many to distract you and force you onto the 
rocks at the first slip of sweaty hands on the rudder. 
You will be tested at every turn to measure the mettle 
of your stamina, endurance and tolerances of spirit. 
Such is the quest you are on. You are awake now and 
there is work to be done, some more than others and 
that depends on previous lessons and previous lives' 
experiences. 


Your road, your choice. During the moment of every 
decision, you have two paths, one choice of which one 
to follow. The carnal aspect of your left mind seeks 
the pleasure of the easy road that leads to the 
satiation of desires. The spiritual aspect of the right 
mind remains closed if the wrong paths are taken. Only 
in the left mind can you be led by emotion and in the 
right mind, you hold the helm of the heart where the 
truth steers you through the rapids. These waters we 
travel on have all manner of weather with clear sailing 
and storms that many shall succumb to. This game only 
offers one life per level and it is up to you to ensure 
the lesson you seek is learned lest you lose that life 
and have to start anew with a new game piece called the 
human body. 


Some people place their game pieces in front of the TV 


and ravage it with processed poisons; others prefer to 
keep that temple a little more pure. In short, you are 
on a mission of self, a journey of spiritual evolution 
if but you will see that. You have the choice of 
losing some of your crew on your ship or losing the 
whole ship but be assured, there is a price to pay. 
Every decision you make will always cost you something 
if an exchange of truth is to be gained. If you didn't 
earn it, you didn't learn it. It is the reluctance to 
let go of anything that costs you dearly and 
inevitably, the most in the end. I have often used the 
example of an open hand with sand or sand being 
squeezed in a clenched fist. The sand will always leave 
the clenched hand by virtue of the pressure exerted 
upon it. 


The more you resist, the more it persists. These are 
fundamental natural laws that you have been steered 
away from to ensure that you hit the whirlpool of 
Charybdis. This is your rock and a hard place choice. 
In the desert when one digs a well, most times the well 
has to be forced to give water by pouring vast amounts 
of precious water to break it open, sometimes the 
entire contents of the reserves on hand. This is a “do 
or die” scenario. The water reserves will keep you 
alive for a season whereas the well will keep you alive 
for a lifetime. The only choice really is one that asks 
how long do you want to live? The allegorical and 
metaphorical nature of the bible has many of the same 
occult or hidden truths that were placed there for 
those with eyes to see it. 


How any times have you used the poetic nature of an 
analogy to convey a concept where the normal use of 
words just can't say it? This is the mystic way, the 
way of the ancients to make sure that those who would 
read it generations later, wouldn't lose the message or 


the concepts of the teachings of the most profound of 
truths. These are your maps and your charts to navigate 
the choppy waters we all must sail upon. The Pillars of 
Hercules are your temples on each side of your head, 
all the clues are there if you choose to see them or 
continue to choose the blindness of your emotions. 
Between these Temples of Solomon you will find Scylla 
and Charybdis on the waters of truth. There is no 
security here. There is only you and how you choose to 
helm your ship. If you dare, you will pass many that 
have pulled into the security of a port along these 
emotional waters and, there they will remain, because 
it is com-fort-able; literally the fort around Abel 
where none may enter. Only a ship moving beyond these 
ports will stand a chance of reaching its destination. 


You will meet many on your travels that will sail with 
you for a while but they too, some of them, will pull 
into their own ports where their ships will rot in 
harbour from neglect and distracted forgetfulness. But 
your ship is strong, seaworthy and able to ride the 
storms out for you have been on these waters a long 
time. You are the seasoned sailor, used to ripped sails 
and shredded rigging, fixing holes in your flanks from 
the rocks on occasion but still, you will sail on. The 
further you travel these straits, the fewer ships you 
will find in your fleet but there will be others who 
are just as willing to carry on regardless of the cost 
because you know, somewhere deep inside you, the prize 
is worth it. 


There will be days where you doubt your ship, where 
you're caught in the doldrums, if but for a while. 
These are the things that truly test the integrity of 
your hull and your ability to navigate without stars or 
suns. You will question every choice prior that finds 
you where you are if the way is not clear when 


suddenly, and always, your own star appears and the 
winds renew the filling of your canvas. You have taken 
the time during these doldrums to stitch tears, replace 
masts that were felled by the bigger storms. The bigger 
storms leave you with more repairs and more decisions 
to be made to either pull into a port, and, be 
satisfied where you are, or to simply fix things on the 
fly during your "down" times. 


But you are an experienced captain. The further you 
travel, the more you get to know the crew but, you also 
know that there will still be times ahead where some of 
this crew will be lost. You will also find that you 
will always have exactly the right crew left to 
continue sailing after the mourning is over. Yes, this 
way 1S narrow and this way is painful at times but you 
also know that with each passing storm, you will be a 
better captain or be one that gives up. That really is 
the only choice you have, no other. This choice is 
yours and yours alone because this ship is YOU. Some 
have lost their ships completely but they have 
continued in the water with the pieces left of a 
shattered hull, with their charts gripped in one hand 
and a paddle in the other. Yet they persevere because 
they know the prize is waiting. 


They don't know exactly what that prize is but they 
Know, instinctively and intuitively that the prize will 
replace their ship a thousand fold. This is the journey 
of you. This is the homecoming to the true self within. 
This is the ascension. There is no one coming to save 
you, to whisk you up to safety on this journey. It will 
be you and you alone who decides if you make it and so 
very few ever will and I now know why. A question I 
have constantly asked myself is this; if not me then, 
who can do this? Some of you already know what that 
means and I will not explain it any further. If you do 


not understand the question then you will never 
understand the answer because you're not ready to ask 
either. Your actions are your measure. How you treat 
the other ships sailing with you will place you a long 
way back in the fleet or in the lead much in the same 
way geese take turns leading when the current leader 
falls back due to exhaustion. 


Even so, they still fly as one flock/fleet inasmuch as 
we too must sail on as one yet so very few can or will 
with some resorting to raiding and boarding other ships 
as a result of emotions. Many will be pulled down by 
the whirlpool of Charybdis; very few will pass near 
Scylla fearing to lose anything or anyone at all. We, 
who have chosen to sail closer to Scylla, know of the 
pitfalls and the guarantee of the losses of some of 
those closest to us. We saw that early on our voyage 
when first we set sail. We dared to create small 
ripples on the illusional pristine surface of these 
security laden waters and many around us scoffed. We 
were exchanging what used to pass for reality for 
something that actually was reality but then people 
don’t want waves in their ports of lading. Their berths 
are secure with their slavery of ignorance freely 
chosen; let them go. There will be those of you who are 
truly able to read this and everything I am including 
here where you might see between the lines and garner 
more than the superficial layer of literal, and delve 
deeper into the metaphors presented. You might see the 
fractal nature of this game in that all things are in 
all things, such is the cosmic way. 


The ship I refer to is ancient etymology for the word 
“mind”. This may also hint as to why the system uses 
all things “ship” as well. Knowing the root/route of a 
“whirred” allows for the deeper and truer understanding 
of the deceptions and veils cast over us. A veil can 


cover whereas a vale is also open meadow, same sound, 
different intentions. The only veil that you need to 
use is the one that covers the left mind, the carnal 
mind of emotions in order that you may finally come to 
see yourself as the captain and god that you are. Yes, 
there IS a war on for your mind and they use all the 
tools they can to keep you listening to the only crew 
member that is trying to scuttle your ship; Cain/left 
mind/carnal/the wife of emotion. In order to be master 
and commander of your ship, this mutineer must be 
Silenced and tossed in the brig where it belongs. Cain 
will go to all your crew members to keep you in turmoil 
and to keep you putting out constant emotional fires 
lit on your decks. 


Once you can bring Cain under control, thus your 
emotions, you can begin to move forward again. Emotion 
is E-motion which is “no motion” and will land you in 
the doldrums every time. It is more a question of “Do 
your emotions control you or do you control them?” That 
is a question only you can answer if you even have the 
strength to face it and ask. Most people will not ask 
that question because they are too busy being wrapped 
up in the illusion of a game that is designed to keep 
you there. If but only, you could see that. I have lost 
my most precious crew members in my journey but then, 
somehow I already knew I would and it’s taken me my own 
time to see that for what it is. Things like this are 
merely a test to see if you will yield to Cain and 
wallow in the left mind doldrums. People will quibble 
and squabble thinking they can figure out courts, 
governments, and man’s inferior to natural laws yet 
totally miss their own boat in the process. That is the 
intention of this game and test. Will you be distracted 
and yield to the ego that says you must fight and win, 
or, will you simply see this game for what it is and 


peacefully sail through the storms you inevitably have 
brought upon yourself to see if YOU could handle it? 


I chose to see my lessons for what they are in my own 
journey of spiritual evolution. I know the prize that 
awaits and I will be relentless in its pursuit. There 
are many that have been duped into “positions of 
feigned power” wherein they think they are in control 
of others. The truth is, they have lost control of 
their own self more so because it is they who are ruled 
completely by Cain and have the furthest to sail as a 
result. This is why I don’t get angry or hurt anymore 
with what has been “done” to me. 


This game for me is a net result of MY choices and 
no-one else’s. That will be a very large blue pill for 
people to swallow. I have been through some major 
storms, had my ship almost sank a few times and it has 
suffered more broadsides than most could handle. Alas, 
this was my choice in order to grow and evolve as the 
divine being I am and that you are, if only you could 
see that. I have learned how to change tack in the 
doldrums where they can’t hold my ship still like they 
used to and it’s as simple as being responsible for 
your emotions and choosing whether or not you want that 
particular feeling. Just with that thought alone, your 
sails will begin to billow as a new wind arises to move 
you along. Again, YOU are the captain and where your 
ship goes and how it sails is your decision fully but 
only once you grab your own helm back. Cain will 
wrestle with you incessantly, he will badger you for 
control and make you think it’s still you running the 
ship. The only usefulness this crew member has is his 
ability ot use logic and nothing else. This is about 
modifying your ship, streamlining it so it travels 
clean and true through the storms that may or may not 
follow and, that too, is still your choice. It all 


depends if you saw the lesson for what it was and not 
just another reason to bitch at others because Cain/ego 
told you so. 


Anger, hate, fear, lust, pride, and greed etc. are 
utterly useless in the spiritual sense but the ego/Cain 
will tell you otherwise because emotion dictates the 
choices. Emotions will steer your ship into dangerous 
waters every time until you become as “Spock” where the 
need of the many, far outweigh the need of the few. 
This 1S where we all must “Vulcanize” our ships, our 
hulls and our rigging. This is an upgrade towards 
“god-mode”. Will you be distracted with exotic ports of 
call, lured by the Sirens onto the rocks or the 
Mermaids calling you to your doom as you are drowned in 
these illusions? Does your ship and your crew matter 
enough to you to make the difficult choices and chart 
your way with precise and narrow accuracy? I have been 
judged too many times to count, been accused of 
egotistical ways due to my passion and have been loved 
and hated more than many people that I know, including 
my own flesh and blood. Yet, I will sail on knowing the 
true purpose of this journey. This is the journey of me 
and I know I’m finally up to the task. Yes, I will 
still hit some choppy water which will allow me to 
further unpack my camel where the needle gets wider 
every day too. 


I no longer have pity or any emotions for those who win 
or lose in the game because I know why now. They, like 
me, are on their own journey for their own experiences 
and salvation whether it happens this lifetime or next. 
That is no longer my concern since I have a more 
important job to helm my own ship where I don’t collide 
with anyone else’s or find myself floundering in the 
shallows and shoals. The deeper the water, the smoother 
the sailing. Just like a pool; you can drown in either 


end be it the deep end, or the shallow one. This pool 
has a few more challenges. This ocean is fraught with 
Scylla and Charybdis at every choice. You can choose to 
see that, or not. This ocean is within each and every 
one of us if we but just close our eyes and see it. 
Nothing outside of ourselves has any answers, merely 
clues towards finding the true answers within. I look 
around me and see very few ships alongside but I also 
see that not far behind are the sails of others that 
are quickly catching up. I will choose Scylla every 
Single time because in that choice, my ship will never 
be lost in the abyss of Charybdis’ whirlpool of total 
destruction, reboot. 


Whether or not you get home this time is your choice 
and some have many experiences to learn yet. Much like 
those that I never knew who took it upon themselves to 
steal much from me in the material sense. All good here 
and they can be owned by the possessions that once 
possessed me. They also get to experience exactly what 
they have sown in their own ignorance and delusions. I 
have chosen to flow in the current of life, not death. 
Those that I love will see this, or they won’t; their 
choice. All those that have run for the hills and 
securities of a port have only themselves to judge for 
I can judge them not; only see it for what it is. The 
majority of the most loved and most trusted in my life 
have been lost to Scylla but that was just a part of my 
own test to see if I would pass. I’ve never allowed 
myself the luxury of failure for too long anyway and 
now it is hours in the doldrums versus months. They 
will see the light I offer or they will wrestle with 
Cain to justify why they cannot. I have no need to 
forgive anyone since that, in and of itself, is casting 
a judgment where somehow, something wrong was done to 


me. 


Whatever the reasons that people use to justify their 
actions and lives is entirely and only up to them since 
I sail on a ship of love with beacons blazing. I will 
suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune 
because I know that I can. I captain a flagship, not a 
ship of the line. I am well stocked and well armoured 
now with every new upgrade after every battle and 
storm. I could only wish that ideal to be had by others 
but then, not my choice, that is yours. In closing it 
is my wish that you encounter smooth sailing with just 
enough of the right storms to see you through to the 
end of this particular journey of you. Besides, I’ve 
gotten pretty good at repairing damaged vessels and I’m 
more than willing to have you pull alongside where my 
crew may assist yours as we head into the sunrise of 
tomorrow. The choice was and has always been, yours. 
Much love, kate 


