Comprehesioned: Hell Am Meant in the Rhume 


by katie 


Humanity has a very simple overall problem....comprehension, the full and complete understanding of 
any idea of neutral observation from ANOTHER’S perspective without emotion attached to grasp the 
LOGIC of an idea looking at all attributes of the human psyche. Human imagination has itself making up 
ideas of life based on emotional only living with limited intellect enough to satiate humanity’s basest 
desires. That is to say that humans are only as smart as their laziness and greed dictate where their 
masters only train them in intellect to that point and no further. Comprehesioned means “comes pre 
glued to a pre-programmed by another idea” 


Then you have those that break free of that rut knowing logically that no matter how great their lives 
could be or not, saw a world filled with evil and simply chose to change that by changing their means of 
comprehension. It’s very easy to control a religiously motivated people, especially since the ones ruling 
that guild have been teaching humanity's children, parents before them, grandparents before that so it’s 
very easy to make a religion emotionally attached with the bonding of family by creating the same 
family separated into a new family or culture. Cult you are/culture, the shorthand of the noun/verb spell 
sentence in one word, phonetically hidden as is every letter etc. but that’s a different story, a different 
essay. 


To remove some of the emotional mystique of religion, one merely has to say the same thing in a way 
that any given culture or language can comprehend it. Mush in the same way that a joke in one 
language, that relies on the slang within that language to comprehend the joke, doesn’t work in a literal 
scenario on a word for word basis. This applies in all languages, all cultures and it’s simply cultural 
slanguage where only someone intimate with an accent or language would pick up the nuances and 
“get the joke/fully comprehend the idea in an expression” and laugh while the translation into another 
accent/language just doesn’t work. 


That's the difference between literal understanding and literal comprehension, they are night and day 
when the cultures aren’t the same. This is why comedians use accents when they tell cultural jokes and 
just mimic the culture as it really is literally. Thats where emotions rule humanity in that they’d rather 
laugh, some nervously, some outloud with a racial hatred as the core motivator or out loud as the 
blinding truth staring you in the face kind of funny. Different cultures can laugh all day long at each other 
and the stupid things they do but when another culture does that, it’s racism. 


| just see stupid humans that are blinded by the colours of fall law allah legal, just ask the jews that 
wear Mecca-know Set’s Jew-buy-quay’s Ruby-con on their heads. Legal is Sharia law...Ba’aliffs and 
Sharia-iffs in knot in ink’s Ham burger “my star!” temple tantrum mantrum mantree mantrial...... Oh, it 
gets crazier but then the focus is calm, pre-Hen shun and this swan likes to lay a few eggs on her 
waddle’s the time travelling pig in Grave-I.D. falls. Let’s get to simple English comprehension. Do you 
know that you shouldn't steal from anyone? Stealing is stealing right? Now, ask yourself what your 
opinion emotionally on a thief is and ponder that for a moment. Yeah, they’re not very nice people are 
they and you really don’t like when bad people steal your things right? That’s what you supposedly 
teach your children right? If you don’t then you’re not likely reading this anyway unless you're a lawyer, 
cop or judge that’s shitting themselves knowing the absolute crimes against humanity and life they’re 
guilty of. 


Mecca-n-eyes’d army, just ask any eyes in whore general jews-ewes-S.|.D. soul-dier, they’re the ones 
in the main office slugging back a few while the children they send to die slug back a few too....lead 
slugs...schrapnel slugs.... money slugs....human slugs....slugging it out for what? It’s about stealing 
someone else’s stuff at gunpoint because some organization’s head jews-U.S.-I.D. general 
commandeering in chief thought they’d play “God”...that’s what. Just look at the billions of humans all 
busy making the things that will come back and kill them because making money for blood is what 
counts and well hey, it’s not your blood that’s being stolen at the receiving end of your business Modl’s 
now is it? No, but to you that’s a religion...a skin colour...a reason of a flag to kill...anything but 
anything but the child of life that | see that you don’t. 


You only see your flags, your religions, your cultures, your excuses or whatever else it takes for any 
human to justify the killing of anything or anyone to their lustful and greedy satisfaction. No, society 
must have its toys, it’s wealth, it’s poisoned planet at any cost and woe be damned the fool that gets in 
their way because they have guns and the sold out souls of humanity to serve their evil ends. But that’s 
humanity in a nutshell. Their comprehension of what really is going on is occluded by the need and 
greed of their own culture based in id and ego. Freud the fraud was fix-ate-dead on his crimes where 
the id is the mind literal, devoid of emotion and the ego is the heart/mind thought emotion cocktail that 
get’s shaken or stirred. | prefer my whiskey sours shaken and my martini’s stirred so it’s an independent 
option at all choice points. 


People are easy to separate on this basis that has bugger all to do with any external or verbal claim 
they or you can make: your culture is your culture, period. You gonna say it isn’t when you know it is? 
That is called the starkness of what is with emotional darkness removed. As an example of going too far 
in the real in fictionland legal literal sense in a situation to illustrate the “id” or pure logic think of 
someone who has a 2 dollar cloth stolen from their back yard by a new neighbour and they call and 
have them charged with theft under to the absolute furthest extent of two years less a day 
imprisonment. A clearly seen lack of any compassion yes? The game of passion versus calm passion 
versus Compass-eye-on and how you steer your mind/heart relationship. 


Comprehension is the key to grasping the balance of two current understandings that are extreme hot 
on one side and extreme cold on the other and holding those charges within until they neutral eyes 
themselves. That is the art of calm passion where the passion of life rules the heart where the logic of 
mind says that to take any life defies logic of life and where the heart begins to shut down as initiated by 
life’s logic safety valve. Think of I.D. as a built in self-destruct device that all must pass through to bring 
the mind/heart heart drive back into all eye in meant. Meant, the intention of will is always portrayed in 
one’s actions. 


No, you didn’t mean to pay for those bullets that kill children every day but you do. No, you didn’t mean 
to kill that lamb with a short razor but your craving of rack of lamb in creme de menthe sauce always 
gets the bet her of you. People like to make Shakespearian words into religions like somehow it’s just 
English in a different accent with different slang. That slanguage was used to make a religion but what it 
does even better is the phonetic code easily broken with a Belfast brogue, Canadian elocution and a 
few others picked up on my travels. It’s still English unless you can’t comprehend what thou shalt not 
steal or kill means. Any issues there? Says it pretty straight up?....Yeah but only half of them are in 
straight up English, the other 5, the first 5 are in Phoenician, the slanguage they tried to erase but | 
remembered and a few others have now as well. Life is written in the DNA code and only the living can 
remember, the dead are lost in Allah Lala Rowman L’eagle land. Simple questions, simple answers that 
only require the missing fifth or filth element in the rhume or knowing what the hell-a-meant-ari base is 
of the whole problem. |.D.s exactly what ewe didn’t eggs pecked: eggs been dicked. 


So now that you’ve had a little experience with some phonics and comprehension let’s make it crystal 


clear as to the legal inference and literal inferences of the 10 commandments and why you're guilty of 
breaking all 10 with legal name use from the pure id and balanced ego purrs specked I’ve. 


1. Thou shalt have none other gods before me = do not legally/ever elect man/religion gods, they'll 
screw you to hell for their crimes and give you all sorts of good reasons why just enough of you have to 
love them to stay in power for the next of their ilk to do the same. Some good advice that. 


2. Thou shalt not make thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or 
that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the waters beneath the earth: 


3. Thou shalt not bow down thyself unto them, nor serve them: for | the LORD thy God am a jealous 
God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them 
that hate me, 


4. And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love me and keep my commandments = “is” is 
made to stand out for a reason...that’s the first thing you need to see. “is” means EXACTLY what “is” is 
with no layers veiling it from dilute-dead thinking. A picture I.D. “is” you not IF you think I.D.s you but 
rather BECAUSE you BELIEVE it’s you based only on what you have been told, never looking any 
deeper than your own well of need versus the need of all humanity. Pictures of animals, men, 
mountains etc. on money “is” an engraved grave-in image, a picture with no life “is” EXACTLY that and 
where the mind goes, creation flows as the basis of all creation in quantum form a.k.a. imagination 
move ease. Humanity bows to their mangod mango’d strange fruit they call awe-Thor-itties and serve 
them their lives on a B.A.R.becue platter and yeah, creation gets a bit jealous when humans get a gift 
from creation, they turn themselves into their own little starlet harlot empires thinking it was theirs and 
that they own it and that if you want some you'll have to pay them dearly for it as they throw tantrums 
on all the stages of life, be it political, musical, religical U.S., holly sure wouldical or the like and carrion 
killing and raping the play-net they live on, another of creation’s little gifts like they think they own it and 
can charge admission to their little stolen from all others piece of land. 


Humanity has this modus opera and die down to a fin ale’ and the B.A.R. has been given its last caul. 
Creation really hates it when you spit on those that are trying to share the truth of life, literal life with you 
as well since they’re only doing their/our Jobs and sins you have your job two jew ass well, we 
comprehend and know who you stand under in your choice of understanding |.D.ols and LORD 
WRothschild’s your mangod master. That “thing” sitting on the thrown of England (nice toss out btw, 
definite throw back fish) is just some strange mango’d fruit that’s dead and shrove-helled ash wet inks 
dei. Having fun yet? Good. Non?........ plenty of time to dig your own plot but no thyme like the present 
sins you're already half in the Hague bag anyway right? 


5. | could write a book on keeping the “Sabbath” but in short it just means to be constantly aware of 
your “robes” to make sure they're clean...one takesabbath every day but doesn’t lie around soaking in it 
while your kingdom burns approach. Your life is your kingdom, your reality and how big that reality is 
depends on how big your kingdom choice is so when it’s just your own culture or bias ply tyre 
slanguages that matter above all others, then one is pretending to be and acting like they’re god and 
they’re team matters more than every other team and will kill all competition, literally. Is that the world 
you wanted?Legal makes killing (wars) stealing (usury) adultery (performing marriage rituals, demonic 
and leads to souls being stolen from life and brought into a body guaranteed certain death in this realm) 
covetousness (material wealth monger-whores), bearing false witness (that’s exactly what the I.D. is, 
legal cult created fiction to enslave the soul) all peachy hunky dory for humanity to partake in their 
B.A.R.mitzva muse-slimey Ruby-con cube club and there thay go, dancing themselves into the grave-in 
mage-l’s hippo gnooses, sad.The entire world’s reality is built on the legal FORMS of a fictional 
mindtrap that has humanity building the temples and bombs of their own destruction, apparently unable 


to stop and look at the greater picture but would prefer to continue killing all life, each other and now, 
the entire planet is poisoned far beyond repair unless you think humanity is going to put down its guns 
and killer machines today? No, not likely because that’s what “is” the reality. Humanity supplies all the 
free soul money they need out of thine heir to build the bombs that always come back. Every weapon is 
a perfect boomerang so may | suggest not ringing that boom because rang is past tens....weigh passed 
10’s.....i's midnight hour and you're still drinking and partying like it’s lunchtime in Paris,...... 


kate 


