Contracts by kate of gaia 


In truth, here, it is ALL about contracts. Unfortunately most people stop at the 
physical aspect of what a contract is thinking it is just a piece of paper or and 
agreement made in writing without ever considering the intent. Intent is what 
contract is all about inasmuch as every thought is pure creation unfettered where 
we all make countless left brain "deals" and contracts every instant of the day. 
This is why we need to gain control over our analytical minds where the system 
has finely trained them to think in a certain way. 


If someone can channel your intent and absolute creation power by means of 
keeping you thinking in a certain way, how powerful could they be? This is the 
very nature of the register trap. When you enter an agreement to register 
anything, you are making a choice to let another rule your divine feminine 
creative ability at source. Anytime you intend to do anything, it is already a 
spiritual contract. The trick is to gain control over that intent and the distractions 
of this world fit that bill nicely. Are you caught up in the emotional dramas of day 
to day life? If so, then your mind is owned by the illusions. 


You cannot serve two masters; period. So who and what are the masters? This is 
pure black and white. There is no gray area on this one, no half way in and 
remaining a virgin, no almost pregnant, no partial deals with the devil. In this 
game, you're either in or you're out, either in bed with the whore of Babylon or 
you kick her out of your bed with no going back. To illustrate this clearly, let me 
share it this way. If you carry any form of ID are you part of the whore's system or 
not? If you have a bank account, a passport, a library card etc. with your NAME on 
it, are you playing with the whore or not? 


What most people miss out on is the fact that anything you agree with at all, you 
are in a Spiritually binding contract, end of story. Let me say that again. If you are 
in agreement with anything or anyone, you are bound under universal, natural, 
spiritual laws and are thus in contract with whatever your agreements may be and 
bound to those you are agreeing with. Is that clear enough for you? I'll wait a 
second here and let that sink in fully so that you can see the measure of your own 


involvement with a system you claim to loathe. If you vote for someone, you grant 
them your power, pure and simple, fact, done deal, you're owned, a slave now get 
over it. Perhaps you may not feel good about that but then, whose choice is it? 
We can bitch and complain about our situations here in the physical realms but 
we must consider first and foremost what our intentions and agreements are and 
what they manifest. 


The physical realm is the effect and the spiritual realm is the cause where the vast 
majority of people only see things from a body stuck physical viewpoint and are, 
as a result, doing it all backwards to the glee of the ones that control the system's 
intent. Humanity is ultra-quick to blame outside of themselves based on the 
various scenarios one can find themselves in. For every cause, there is an effect 
and for every effect, there was a cause. What people don't like to consider is the 
very fact that they were involved at all levels willfully if only ignorant of these 
universal variables and laws. While we continue to agree with commerce, we will 
be at full effect to those that control the money. 


So please don't cry me a river about your situations because | have cried enough 
about my own until | finally grew up, accepted the responsibility of my own 
contracts and worked diligently to remove the ignorance which finds me where | 
am now. Another aspect that people don't get is the sheer polarity that they live 
in. When one considers something evil and only evil, they are polarized and off 
centre and will never see beyond the duality of being polarized. It is only when we 
can see both good and evil in everything, which is never really easy, that we begin 
to see things as they truly are at all. | have had my own encounters with extreme 
evil yet from those experiences, | got the knowledge that | have and can share 
which | can see as good. It is all solely dependent on one's perspective. 


If your perspective is polarized to one side or the other, the instant something 
comes into play that opposes your opinion, you get all emotional about it and end 
up in some left brain monkey chatter fest and fully distracted. Remember this, 
that which you agree with, you are in full contract with. | have mentioned many 
times the absolute lunacy of some freeman on the land or sovereign citizen telling 
a uniformed goon that they do not wish to contract with them are already in 


contract with the original license and application to get one in the first place. This 
is the original contract that hasn't been nullified on the physical and most 
assuredly hasn't been nullified in the spiritual realms either. 


Even considering that you need a license is agreement enough for this game. In 
order to begin to grasp this concept, just consider all the agreements you have 
ever went into throughout your life and soon you'll see the garbage piling up. The 
school system is more about getting children to simply agree with what is being 
taught more so than what is being taught. The curriculum is inferior to the intent 
of the programming. One need only look at the first test that we ever wrote to see 
this. When a question is asked and requires an answer based on the teachings, 
you must have to agree that there is a right and a wrong answer according to what 
someone else is telling you. The easy exposure of that is to ask yourself the simple 
question; did it really happen if | didn't witness it or is it someone else's idea of 
what happened that you are contracting with? 


Every single thing that you agreed with but didn't experience yourself is an 
external agreement with someone else's idea of reality so how's that working out 
for you? Who created the schools, the governments, the constructs of society and 

how are they maintained. The easy answer is that it wasn't you but the truth is, 
you are in full agreement with all of these illusions simply by going along to get 
along. Talk about a perfect trap. This is the point that we all have to get to before 
we can begin freeing ourselves by freeing our minds of the programs so carefully 
embedded that are totally detrimental to our spiritual existence. 


Just ask yourself why you are who you are and why you do the things you do. The 
likely scenario is that you are one religion or another based on your family, your 
political views are the result of seeds being planted by your society and your belief 
systems are fully based on what those closest to you taught you to believe 
without question. At what point does one break free of this nonsense? You break 
free once you begin to negate, question and counter everything you ever thought 
to be true. If it wasn't your own idea, it wasn't your own idea and you are in 
contract with something or other as a net result. | covered this somewhat in my 
essays titled "Choices" and "Behold, a White Canvass". It is impossible to know 


where you're going if you don't know where you've been so that you have a 
compass reference to steer yourself. 


Everything | have ever been taught was tossed in the garbage and | did my own 
reboot. It was quoted once like this; "if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out". That is 
not a literal statement but rather an allegorical one. What it is trying to tell you is 
this. If you're doing something that creates a problem, stop doing it. With that in 

mind, who is really creating life's problems for you? If the answer was anything 
but "myself" then you have a long way to go and you are polarized with no hope 
of seeing what is really going on here. This is a game of principalities of light and 
dark, thought forms made manifest and can only exist where our agreements are 

all it takes to keep them alive, quite literally. | have simply decided to not be party 

to these agreements any longer where my reality involves only that which i 

willfully agree with in full responsibility of my own choices. 


It really is quite simple but the ego doesn't do simple. It only does complicated 
because simple doesn't involve drama, distractions, emotions etc. This is the 
fundamental concept of the devil and the deep blue sea of Scylla and Charybdis 
where the details will get your mind picked off bit by bit and the ignorance will 
sink your entire ship. Only in the middle will you see both sides of the coin, the 
head and the tail of the dragon that has owned your mind for so long. You now 
have the choice to agree or to not agree with this insanity where | have said 
enough is enough. | can't tell you where your point of enough is, only you can do 
that. What | will say about that is this; whatever bed you decide to make is the 
one that you'll be sleeping in and it will either have the whore of Babylon waiting 
after bedding everyone before you or the sheets will be pure and white. | chose 
the latter. 


Make no mistake about this game. It is not for the faint or weak of heart. It will 
test you to your limits but never beyond that point. You will be tested to the 
degree that is required for you to get it and it will be up to you as to how far that 
goes and to what it will take so choose the being hit by a feather or having a 
mountain dropped on you. What makes it easiest for me is that | know that my 
choices will not involve being party to a murdered child due to the system that 


breeds warfare and starvation where | will not aid and abet it by being an energy 
source via my ignorant agreement. | am weary, long weary of hearing people 
claim to be spiritual healers or the like and are still in bed with the whore, the 
original contract that nullifies any and all current spiritual intent. 


You cannot have your cake and eat it too. This is the tough choice but the truth is, 
| value my spiritual nature that is infinite over all the physical manifestations of a 
single lifetime. The choice is that extreme and you'll either take these gifts and 
use them this lifetime or get stuck with another round of the same bullshit from a 
fully sleepy beginning again as in the zero point. Just ask yourself if you'll be happy 
going through kindergarten again or are you ready to step it up to make the grade 
this time around. No, pressure really, just that all of the universe is in your hands 
regardless of what choice you make. Beyond that, | know who and what | am now 
so my choices are manifesting now and | get to see those results play out every 
single day. You can too but then you have a choice to make now don't you?.....The 
whore of Babylon or you? Choose. Much love, kate of gaia...... 


