The Doubters of Men by kate of kaea 
As the story goes....rho, rho, RHO your boat (mind), gently down the stream... 


Let's look a bit deeper....if you simply allow for this reality to row your boat for you, 
there are 3 oarsman rowing keeping the boat true on course in a CIRCLE but that course 
isn't YOURS until you grab the third oar yourself to complete the row, row, row 
trinity....now imagine 3 of you rowing in the boat where you can now CHOOSE which 
side to row on to keep the course true to YOU....you see, the system oarsman are robots, 
2 on the left side and one on the right and that guarantees a circle (ever paddled a 
rowboat or a canoe?) because they never change positions in that boat....when you use 
the LEGAL NAME, that puts 2 on the left permanently and the one on the right is rowing 
against two. 


This is not about steering left or right, it's about keeping your boat true to your course in 
a gentle slalom. When you lose the legal name, YOU get the third oar and you can 
choose either side as you see fit to keep you from the "Dragon eating its tale" infinite 
circles, be they left OR right, they're still circles. So, if you're veering too far left, you 
paddle from the left to veer right and vice versa...it's a double cross across the beam of 
the boat/mind where YOU steer via choice. Legal name contract has you tied up as a 
hostage at the back of the boat...you complete the "quad" when you tie one of the 
system robots (ego) up and put them at the back of the boat until you have FOOL control 
of your boat/mind again and get your boat on the right course; the one of truth only. 


You only have FULL control of your boat when you stand in truth completely. When 
creation can TRUST that you have your own helm back, it throws the dead robots 
overboard, installs two 500 horsepower inboards AND two outboards as well...and then 
asks you...hey Captain...| know the perfect destination, mind if | take the helm? Being 
that truth is all creation and creation is all truth, there is only one course anyway to get 
home. That's when you sit back in absolute trust in truth in your captain's chair, drinkies 
in hand and let nature take ITS course...Rho means "spirit breath", creation itself so if 
you let another one rho for you that's a known liar, thief and cheat, THAT'S who's 
speaking for you....and doing all the rhoing for you...LEGAL NAME makes you a liar 
absolute in this reality so don't expect truth/creation to jump in this boat until YOU 
throw all the lies and liars overboard... 


Yes, there will be that time where you think you're the only one rhoing your boat 


because, for a while, you are because it will feel like the whole world just abandoned 
you....only because you MUST reach this point to LOSE ALL HOPE...creation wants to 
make sure you've chosen the true and natural course ALL BY YOURSELF FIRST and it 
won't be long after you finally let go and say "Fuck it, I'll do this myself if | have to" and 
that's all creation needs to hear. THAT'S when the horsepower of creation steps in with a 
perfect helmsman and the ride becomes the true experience of life versus the former 
nightmare illusion of what you let go of and left behind. 


It’s all up to you and your choice of trusting liars, thieves and cheats or truth itself. 
Losing the LEGAL NAME is the magic key so don't let the doubts programmed into you 
get the best of you because if you do that, the doubts WILL get the best of and the best 
of you is lost for as long as you accept to be a liar and hang out with liars. Since you're 
the only one you can truly trust completely, best that you sort the lies in you out or the 
lies will gut you from the inside out like any other Piscean Age fish-stick. Go in a circle to 
the left and Scylla picks you off little by little on every pass, circle too long to the right 
and Charybdis eventually swallows your whole boat into the abyss of non-existence. If 
you haven't noticed, the circles are spinning faster to the left and right with those still in 
the LEGAL NAME parasite game as everything is now coming to a head faster and faster. 


Only creation KNOWS the true path through and will get you there lickety-split and you 
don't have to DO a thing, just BE truth and BE your experience in FULL acceptance of 
only that....everything else is FOOL acceptance and who the fuck wants Gilligan steering 
their boat? We all know how that ended up marooned on Gilligan's Island where all the 
brains, money and movie star looks couldn't save them where all they had to do was 
patch up the fucking hole in the Minnow, carve some oars and set sail again...the LEGAL 
NAME is Gilligan's Island with a twist...it LOOKS like an island of paradise but those are 
fake palm trees to make sure you never know you're actually on Alcatraz Island...and 
isn't it funny that to be "frank" with someone means to be completely truthful? The only 
ones to ever escape that island were Frank M/O-rr-is (truthful heart modus operundi 
rho-rho with creation) and John and Clarence Anglin (JC fishers of men/Cain and Abel) 
but that's just a coincidence AGAIN rite? 


You will forever be marooned on this illusional island of deathly paradise or you'll stand 
in truth and rho rho rho the hell away from there once and for all....the alpha and the 
omega of this fictional game is LEGAL NAME and | don't fucking care if you believe this 
or not because there's one thing | KNOW and that's if you continue on the course of a 
liar, you're fucking toast anyway and | don't have to clean your floaters in the waters of 


truth. | left that behind in the rooster tails of four 500 hp rockets and, the wake that's 
coming off my boat that's rocking yours? That's the WAKE up call so don't be surprised if 
| don't show up at your WAKE, | don't do LEGAL NAME TOMBSTONES and co-ffins 
(duality endings) and don't get in the way either because this boats cuts liars’ boats in 
half like a hot knife through melted butter. 


It's always been our choice to walk in truth or run away from it so don't give me your 
whiny fucking excuses about why you still NEED a dead legal name/way because, very 
frankly scarlet whore, | don't give a damn, you already took all the damning upon 
yourself anyway and why the hell would anyone give a damn about anything in the first 
place? Not something nice to give anyone eh?...Dams are used to stop the flows of 
water and, my little jet boat?....it jumps those when | don't feel like smashing on 
through...Hey, | have to leave a little fun for everyone to be a damn-buster too....Rho, 
Rho, Rho your boat yourself....the upgrades only happen on the deep waters of truth, 
not at the piers and docks of this ported world and the LEGAL NAME keeps you 
PERMANENTLY in THEIR PORT... 


And, like Frank and the brothers, they disappeared from this world forever, never to be 
LEGALLY seen again....just like me but then who'll believe that? Easy to spot the 
inmates...the ones that still cling to a LEGAL NAME Alcatraz, prisoners in their own 
minds...see ya on the beach, I'm waiting and | KNOW the only thing that's keeping you 
locked up....the real question that needs to be answered can only be answered by 
YOU....the simple truth is, YOU have to change your mind and YOUR choices to change 
your reality, and not one LEGAL piece of paper on this planet will save you, THAT'S 
what's killing you because it PROVES you are a DOUBTER/DAUGHTER and the fallen 
angels LOVE fucking you. They fell in love with the doubters of men didn't they?...true 
story...kate 


