Enemy Mine by kate of gaia 


The toughest mirror to look in is our own, go see for yourselves. It is there that we do 
our most critical judging of self, albeit from typically a physical only standpoint. How 
does our hair look, how what we're wearing looks etc. and so on. These are all the 
superficial or sous-per-phi-shell physical manifestations; the under by creation shells of 
our true god natures. This is usually where most stop and dare not look any deeper. We 
experience a myriad of emotions where some days you have it nailed and others are just 
bad hair days with seemingly no recourse yet all are based on the externals that create 
internal effects upon us. 


This is the standard operating procedure for the masses and for beings like me, the 
mirror in all regards was hard to look into since | never seemed to see the real me 
because the internal wasn't being reflected in the external as per the norms of our 
collective society. This actually was a gift of gifts because it separated me from the 
physical reality in an extreme way. In this regard | was my own worst enemy and my own 
best friend operating in singularity style. 


People | have long known have often stated that they "don't get it" as far as my being a 
trans being and | fully get that; it's tough to get something you've never experienced in 
the same way as describing a movie pales in comparison to actually sitting down and 
watching the movie to experience it. It also allows me the luxury of seeing my own 
contrasts in relation to others who are a mirrored reflection of my consciousness. Since | 
am the only one I have to solve, | had to learn to be a neutral observer. 


We are confronted with many challenges every day where we are tempted to trespass 
on another's free will choice by interfering or intervening on their life's experiences. If 
you give someone a fish versus a fishing rod, are you really helping or hurting them? We 
have long been playing the game of polarity, the realm of opposites and equals at the 
same time. Good and evil are merely reflections of each other where only the 
perspective separates them. If one sees something as evil, someone else must also see 
the same thing as good and we engage ourselves in a polarized judgment by only seeing 
one OR the other instead of one AND the other. 


When we create something outside of ourselves, we create the equal and opposite 
within ourselves; as within, so without, as without, so within. If one can imagine that 
everything is perfect where only our perspective is skewed then we are a long way down 


the path to knowing ourselves to a greater degree. So, here's the tough question with an 
easy answer; when one has created an external enemy, what has been created in the 
mirror? In a duality and polarized position, one can't see the perspective form a created 
enemy's viewpoint because, well, they're the enemy and who can stomach that? Can 
you stand in the mirror of that and see how you are also the enemy from their point of 
you/point of view...phonics eh? 


Unfortunately for many, the ego that controls them can never see such a thing with the 
ego in-cysting it must be right. When we create an external enemey, this is equally the 
enemy we create within ourselves. When we argue a point it is because of this ego con- 
troll-ing us where an ego needs to justify its position in an always desperate bid for 
physical comfort and lust of survival. People speak of the ancient Samurai as honour 
bound where a slight on thier name would have them battling another to the death to 
"restore honour". Now how retarded is that and how at effect are they to another's 
cause? 


When we react to someone else what we are really doing is saying your power of cause 
is greater than mine and “watch how | spin out of control” being at effect to it. Yeah, 
that's real mature and is showing immediate evidence of where we are on our own 

awakening scale. This is exactly how problem, reaction, solution really works. How many 
times have you seen the news, a text, a post on some site that invokes an emotional 

response/re-spawn-se' and it is something you have not witnessed for yourself? 


| used to love how at effect people were to the mainstream media where they would 
make claims regarding another country and its affairs based solely on what some talking 
head on CNN was scripted to say? | liked to confirm the fact that they must know these 
things based on living there, being part of another culture and experienced it in real 
time reality but that was never the case. That lit more than one ego fire because the ego 
hates to be made a fool of with truth. Truth is the only thing the ego cannot handle 
where it is the product of a physical illusion or, quite simply, a game. 


The word prove is pro-ve' or pro verily which means for truth and there is no way 
anyone can prove anything if they haven't experienced. This is why | will; never try to 
prove anything to anyone because proof is not required if one shares the same 
experiences with me, in my time-line, in my reality and thus, theirs. The only literal thing 
that you can prove to yourself is your own existence where a north pole exists because 
you've been there yourself. This is why | take nothing literally and observe only from an 


allegorical perspective. The allegories of creation are the only real thing | can prove to 
me because they only matter to me. 


| don't care if someone has an issue with someone else and | will not allow myself to get 
drawn into an emotional drama based on something that doesn't even concern me 
literally. It only matters to me allegorically from a neutral observer position. If we are 
caught in the dramas, we are in the realms of bread and circuses to the degree that we 
are distracted from our true paths. It's as simple as "will you buy/bi into the 
drama/dragon mother creation of another and be at effect to it. Our cause removal is 
directly proportional to our being at effect additions. 


The biggest difficulty | encounter now is every day conversation regarding all things 
literal, physical and pure effect. If your creative power and intention can be 
siphoned/psi-Phoenician-ed off, exactly what are you creating and for whom? Can I dupe 
you out of your energy? | sure can because | now know how to do that. | can steer 
anyone where | want them to go with a simple, clear thought as an inception of an idea 
into your realm. Right now | want you to NOT think of a kangaroo. THAT is the power of 
Thoth/Thought. Again, ALL the answers lie in the sound, the phonics and every thought 
IS sound in its purest form. If | can control that (can also be pronounced thought), | can 
control the consciousness of others. 


Let's look at the true enemy here then. Go and grab a mirror, I'll wait. Once you can get 
through the mirror to the other side, your Alice we be just peachy but you have to be 
willing to endure the fires to burn off the extremities called ego, the need to be right 
versus wrong where only the ashes/H's/gods are left for you, the true Phoe-nix/Foe- 

ended can finally rise. Are you caught in the emotional webs of friends, family, enemies, 
lovers, the masses etc. that keep you in your own web of de-ceit/de-see-it/not see it? 

We have been spellbound and ensnared in this web of webs for the only purpose of 
playing a game. 


Yes, this is a tough game but for those that really know that they're god, they have 
gratitude inasmuch as it takes quite the game to convince a god that they're not after all 
don't you think? Go ahead, rant and rave about this or that, get angry at a system that 
has afforded you one hell of a game and | will sit back, Pina Colada in hand and be 
amused and all the while, cherry pick the truths that are needed to wash my own mirror 
brighter every day. People constantly tell me that they are amazed at what | do with 
words but the truth is, it's so simple that my only frustration left is that people still aren't 


seeing it for themselves. 


You cannot have the power of god if you are under someone else's spell where you're 
power is constantly being fed into the illusion. This is a game to know thyself, not beat 
five year old retarded children over the head with a Louisville Slugger after all. This is the 
true meaning of "suffer unto you the children" where the children are not the 
youngsters/young-stars here but the screaming child looking back at you in your mirror. 
How many times has a movie changed when you screamed at the bad guy in it? The 
movie is un-changed, the plot remains where | choose to watch it with MY eyes as it 
pertains to ME and what | need to see to shine up my inner mirror. 


Yes, the enemy you create outside of yourself based on one drama or another is YOUR 
creation and one YOU will have to face in your own mirror because the conflict is within 
you where the external is reflecting everything you need to sort out in yourself to bring 
your own energies back into balance. If you were asked to hit a bulls-eye with a bow and 
arrow whilst walking on a tight rope that you keep slipping on, how do you think you will 
fare and how powerful an archer will you make? When you finally get off the tight rope 
of life, get firmly grounded in balance, your own power and aim returns and not before 
it. 


This is where the hands are steady and the aim is true and where you can bring to bear 
the full drawing of your bow where your arrow is your intent. When you fire arrows at a 
perceived enemy, you're only shooting at yourself from the external, literal and physical 
effect realms. A true archer/arc-eR/arc-X-rho or spark of life spirit breath creator is one 
who seeks this zero point of perfect balance and ultimate yin/yang where both sides of 
the mirror reflect equally and perfectly in all ways. It just depends on which side of the 
mirror you choose to stand on; the physical one or the spiritual one? If thine eye and 
enemy offend thee, pluck them out, including all the arrows you've shot into your own 
ass thinking it was someone else. What part of oneness did you miss? mwahs and love, 
kate. 


