Enter the Whore Brides...by kate of gaia 


With the fact that all things contain both electrical 
and magnetic, male and female, positive and negative, 
only in the interaction of these things can anything 
ex-cyst at all. It becomes more of a metaphorical and 
conceptual look versus the all too common and mistaken 
literal one. Thoughts are of pure feminine creation 
where intent is purely masculine energy put in sync 
with the thought (bride). Neither can exist with or 
without the other. To me, such is the nature of 
universe. When one considers the idea as the female 
virgin bride and the intent as the bridegroom, one can 
quickly see the metaphor as it relates to what we 
already see and have, as a perfect allegorical 
comparison. 


This essay will get way outside the box so try and keep 
your easily offended egos (if you have one) in check, I 
am not going to be gentle on this one and will present 
things in terms that even the sleepiest being will snap 
to from. We have been spending our existence creating 
bastard child after bastard child as the result of 
allowing another to “dick-Te-ate” (dictate) our 
thoughts, our virgin brides and, have turned us all 
into Cain’s whores and sluts. (warned ya). Our 


masculine intention/left mind/Cain has been sleeping 
with every whore thought it can find to satiate its 
lust, its greed and its “de-sires”. When one has de- 
Sire, one is without "balls"...ask the local bull past 
its prime, he'll tell you what it feels like to be de- 
sired. This game has been relegated to the masculine 
intentions of the analytical (anal-lit-I-call) mined 
where it has been led by the rings of Saturn, through 


its nose, for millennia. 


“Paypal Bulls” might make a little more sense now for 


you. These thoughts/impure feminine energies, married 
with impure masculine intents have put all of us under 
an exterior Crown control. It 1s not a coincidence that 
we have a crown chakra either...the only question is 
which crown do you serve, yours or theirs. The Taurus 
Bull (tore-us bull) rules the throat, and thus why we 
had to have a language (tongue pledge/lange-gage) 
imposed upon us for them to rule. From our saliva 
(“salt I give out”-sal-I-va or “to go” in Spanish): is 
where this pledge emanates and why silence is golden. 


When someone tells you something that is claimed as a 


fact, it is usually the whore thought of someone else 


who got it from someone else etc. without them ever 
having actually experienced "that truth" wherein 


everyone gets to sleep with her and create even more 
ego bastard children. When there is an absence of 
resonance, there is always an absence of truth, 
especially if that resonance is ego, not spirit based. 
Best to learn the difference quickly or you are doomed 
to continue playing in this realm. Only a pure thought 
from the Abel/right mind can marry a pure intention, a 
“night”/knight in shining amore. To me, love is not an 
emotion, it is pure motion and neutral/unconditional in 
all regards. Only the carnal emotions (no motions) can 
stop the motion of love. This is why love is the only 
thing that can con-quer (con-cur/no curse) all. 


While we continue to chase the illusions of the carnal 
mind be it money, sex etc. as it pertains to ego ruling 
it, we will continue to degrade as will our mother 
earth. It is WE who create the storms, the earthquakes 
and the pestilences as the cause of it where most get 
caught up only in the effect and ask....what's 


happening without “real-eyes-ing” it is we who are 
creating it and are at effect to our whore creations. 
When one clicks on this, Atlantis isn't such a shocker 
after all. Religion has been the tool for eons to 
convince the masses to believe in something outside of 
them and I can't even begin to consider how many worlds 
have fallen to this ruse. The brides veil can only be 
placed on her if she is pure, shielding her from the 


carnal minds of other men. A blind man sees more 
because he sees with his heart, not his pen-all/penal 
mind. When one understands that pen is the “head/mind”, 
all the words with pen in it start to unveil. 


The joke has often been to which head is a man thinking 
with and it's usually the wrong one. Insert head/mind 
in some of these words and you'll begin to see why Rome 
is all about the Phallus. The pen is mightier than the 
(s)word, pen-is, pen-al, pen-man-ship where writing is 
“riting” in their symbolisms and ship is ancient 


etymology for mind as well...When we enter a 


"marriage", the two become one as goes the tradition. 
This creates the trinity of one. The same applies to 
the marriage of the feminine thought with the masculine 
intention; the electro-magnetic aspect of pure 
creation. When one considers the sheer number of left 
mind/Cain whore thoughts one has every minute of every 
day that come from the intention of the analytical ego, 
it is no wonder there are so many bastard children 
running rampant and literally tearing this planet 
apart. YOU are the creation of all that is wrong with 


this world yet YOU will contend that you are only 
suffering from those ills. 


Religion has offered us more whore thoughts than could 
ever be counted. That was the intention. It keeps 
everyone distracted in the illusion blaming everything 


outside of themselves never “real-eyes-ing” that they 


are being led to create it. The storms, the earthquakes 
and all the disasters are merely the effect of all 
these marriages of impure thought with impure intention 
and not the cause; only the end product from the truth 
of “as above, so below” and the macro/micro design of 
the fractal universe. Until we cease these demonic 


marriages of the thoughts of another, we will loop it 
infinitely or until you, the individual, grasp that it 
is YOUR whores weddings that are creating all your own 
bastards that you have to deal with. This is the “do 
not covet thy neighbor’s wife/thoughts” from the so 
called commandments. The divine right bride will never 
unveil herself to be wed with such filth, such carnal 
atrocity and vile male intent. She is of pure white and 
virgin and will only unveil herself when SHE chooses, 
no sooner. 


She will only present herself when the intentions and 
thoughts are silenced. She will be the virgin mother of 
the promised child within, nothing less than that will 
qualify. Only when there are no thoughts of Cain origin 
will she appear, period. Until Cain is silenced, Abel 


will be slain at every opportunity. The carnal thoughts 
are the luggage, the cargo of the camel that 
desperately needs to enter the kingdom of the city of 
heaven within. Only when it is fully and completely 
unpacked can it squeeze through the eye of this needle. 
This is why even wide gates cannot be passed through by 
materially rich men/women for they are rife with carnal 
cargo and burdened with their own impure intentions and 
will not be allowed entry. You need only pay the 
ferryman en route to hell with the money that men have 
made their idol of worship. 


When one profits, one loses by adding to the cargo. 


When one gifts, no cargo is lost but much is gained by 
all. As I put forth the concepts of choices ina 
previous essay, I put forth here, much of the reason 
why it is all about choices from my perspective. Can we 
not feel joy in watching someone rebirthing back to 
source as much as we enjoy the birthing of a child into 
this realm? Again, this is a choice of perspective and 
how we must take the time to see the duality in all 
things that make the marriage of one, singular truth. 
This is our rebirthing if we choose to relinguish the 
temptations of the Cain/ego mined. 


When we endure "lessens" in life, they are simply that; 
the lessening of cargo if we "get it" or the adding of 
cargo if we don't. When we begin to awaken to the truth 
that we are all god, of source, we begin to act as such 


where the benevolence can shine. Only at this point, 


when we decide to not bed every whore that comes 
visiting, can we begin to purify ourselves in 
preparation for the divine virgin within and the child 
of promise that comes forth from this most perfect of 
unions. My use of harsher words was an aware choice, 
one of pure intent manifestation to convey the 
metaphors of an even harsher world if we let it per- 
cyst. We have within us, the divine “Abel-I-Te” (Abel I 
love)ability to change our universes as the one 


collective of one in all and all in one if we can but 
be still in the silence long enough to hear our most 
precious bride calling. Until then, she will keep the 
apocalypse draped tightly. Apocalypse is translated as 
“a leather covering”, a veil. One can find more hope in 
the true understandings and meanings of words rather 
than the whore thought teachings of the institutions 
and laws of man. They are ALL whore thoughts, created 
from the Brothel of the left mind. 


Within all things there is a duality and singularity of 
electricity, positive, intentional male and magnetic, 


negative, creative female. One must lose the notion of 
the carnal sex concepts and common misunderstandings of 
positive being good and negative being bad to gain the 
true insight into what this really is. Neither can 
exist without the other and the apparent separation of 
them in the physical sense is the biggest illusion in 
this realm. Men and women have both male and female 
attributes in differing proportions. In my state of two 
Spirit, I came with the blessing and curse of the 
neutral middle in one where it all ended up being 
Simply a neutral perspective of both aspects equally 
and it was up to me to see that and no one else. It is 
only my wish now to share that perspective that has 
cost much more in the spiritual sense than anything 
material could even come close to a far distant second. 
As I like to put it, it's already paid for, this feast 
is prepared so belly up to the table, this round's on 
me. 


In closing this piece I would offer a few ideas that 
you can choose to look at or not. These are my thoughts 
without intention to make them yours that will be your 
choice so choose wisely; we got duped with the same 
concept of letting another’s thoughts be ours. When you 
begin to “ID-entify” the Cain ID-entity of ego for what 
it is, as in they’re all thoughts of less than a 
benevolent nature, you will begin to see through the 
veil (blocked) and across the vale (meadow) at the same 
time. I have often called the Cain mind the tricky 
little bastard and for good reason. It has the uncanny 
ability to make you think it's actually you. The easy 
way to see him/it is when the emotions/no motions are 
involved. No motion means you're stopped and you will 
not restart until you find love, the neutral motion 


that rules all things. So, if you get emotional, Cain 
is armed and dangerous and has already got the noose on 
Abel. We will never give up the divine virgin to such a 
beast and this is why the path and the needle are so 


narrow where few will find it. It is my wish that all 
will but then that has to be the free will choice of 
each being. The choice is simple....having intercourse 


with every whore and slut Cain can bed or be still and 
await the perfect virgin bride to unveil the face of 
god, your face. Much love kate. 


