Hooked By Phonics.....by kate of gaia 


We are many things. We are what we eat, what we think, what we do and what we 
say. It doesn't take an expert to know that if we eat poisoned foods, we in turn, are 
poisoned and our bodies have a constant uphill battle merely to stay alive. In this 
way, we tax our own bodies by our own consent. It can also be agreed that if we 
have constantly negative, less than wholesome thoughts, we also manifest that in 
our day to day attitudes. This is what separates the victims from the victors. Our 
actions most certainly speak volumes because they are the manifestations of our 
thoughts brought forth and shown in the visible light spectrum where most of our 
focus lies. Then there is the matter of what we speak, how we speak and the 
vibrations that are emitted forth into the seen and unseen universes. It is this, | wish 
to speak on mostly because the entirety of universes are created in the energy of 
sound waves, even visible light which is only a higher vibration of sound. 


How many times have you said something to someone only to be completely 
misunderstood in the intent of what you were trying to say? Such are the limitations 
of language and in those limitations, many tricks can be played. How often have 
you found yourself in a mindless debate where the one you're talking too has taken 
what you said in the wrong manner and you spend hours trying to fully explain it to 
them? This sort of interaction generally ends up tainting friendships, relationships, 
and family life etc. ad nauseum. 


Where the word was uttered, the intent was missed or turned around by an ego 
seeking control. How many times have you had conversations discussing a concept 
with another and had an "aha!" moment? These are the times when resonance of 
concept occurs where there was no confusion allowed to set in and where both 
parties were seeking unity in truth. Here's where I'll make an attempt to make those 
events the more common one versus the prior and why | spend precious little time 
trying to explain things to those simply seeking an ego stroke. 


In my experience, | have found great relief in deciphering the language from a 
Slightly different perspective. Not one of spellings but rather one of hearings. Have 
you never wondered why they call court cases a hearing? It has to be that since you 

were already caught in their spellings and now they wish to add power of creation 
with sound vibrations. This is also why the courts/church are the masters of word 
trickery and also why everything is all about assumption and presumption where 
the intent must be proven. Intent is the only difference between first degree murder 
and involuntary manslaughter where either way, someone was killed and only the 
intent differed. 


It was a matter of sorting out the sounds that are used and the corresponding 
sounds and multitudes of variations that were attached to all the sigils we know of 


as letters. Many letters have multiple sounds and these are LEARNED through 
forced practice called school. A child learns to speak long before they learn to write. 
You're also going to need to get a little outside the physical box on this one as well 
since all speech is truly etheric and spiritual in nature; it's what universes are made 
of, literally. As an example, I'm going to write a few sentences in the normal spell 
casting way where the intent can be assumed only via habit to illustrate the power 
of assumption in our everyday lives. Remember, this is "Show AND Tell" so it's 
difficult to convey the sonics of this, without seeing the actual words I've written. 


"Eye halve found many pea-pull that true lee halve know idea watt there saying 
because they halve bean taut four a long thyme two assume, threw habit, watt they 
halve bean indoctrinated in two bi spells and careful training two bee anything butt 

there intent. Sea watt eye mene?" 


So, really, what are you saying and what do you really think you are saying? | can 
safely assume the previous paragraph based on sounds, would not be mine or yours 
intent, non? This is when we all need to stop and take a second listen to everything 

we utter, every literal creation we manifest. In this realm or dimension, we have 

those that have been invited in by our own calling, of our own free willed consent, 
like it or not. All universes are under the same laws, the same golden rule because 
balance must always be maintained be it perceived good and/or evil. It is all about 
contract here and everywhere, even the dimensions you cannot see. We observe 
everything, be it sonically or visually in a singular visible light/sound dimension. For 
proof of this, | will ask if you can see the wave patterns of sound, the infra-red 
spectrum, X-rays or anything of that nature? We can use technology to display vast 
new galaxies in the infra-red spectrum but we are unable to see them with our 
limited 3D eyes. 


We all assume far too much and yet know far less than we think we do. This is the 
limitation of ego that renders many stubborn to move beyond the physical 3d 
meatstick reality because they have been taught for a very long time that that is all 
there is. They do this from an early age and by "they" | mean those that have 
higher knowledge of the universal laws and use them to control those of us still in 
ignorance. I'll share a few examples in the hopes that the concept will be grasped 
where | prefer to show people how to fish versus simply feeding them. This game is 
all about self-responsibility where the masses have been lifetime trained to seek 
external saviors. Sorry, not one of those and certainly not yours, that violates the 
golden rule. | won't ruin your game and life lessons, don't ruin mine. 


Let's take a few words I've already written so far in this essay; Responsibility. Sound 
it out and see/hear what else is there that you missed in your assumptive haste that 
is programmed ego. Re-spawns-ability. Re, as a prefix, means to do again. Spawns 
is a word relating to new life or eggs of life being spawn. Ability, we'll leave alone 
for now but there is much hidden still in the sigils and the sounds. This is not as 
complicated as it sounds for it is merely the concept that must be mastered, not the 


totality of the art. In short, once you click on the concept that we're not saying what 
we mean where assumption is concerned, we break the spell. Right, write, rite or 
wright? So, for me, responsibility is the ability of bringing something back to life and 
why the system wants you to re-spawned to everything. They need your life force 
and depend on your ignorance to fulfill their wishes. Nifty trick eh? 


As serious as this game can get to be some days, we need to let go of much to 
begin to see things that have been hidden. Once we lose the rage of being tricked 
and accept it for the masterful ploy that it is, only then can we begin to play it back. 
It was this much mirrored effect that gave me some pretty big keys to their game 
and that's why their jig is up and they know it. So, how about the whirred physical? 
Where spellings are always deceptive, sounds tell the entire story. Every letter/sigil 
has more than one sound so let's take the very unique letter of "Y" that is the only 
one that is a vowel/vow-all and a consonant (with sound). In the word physical we 
are taught to say it like the letter "i" in "lift" versus how it would sound in "high" so 
let's switch(s-witch) it up shall we? Now "phy" sounds like "phi". Part two of the 
word physical is "si" as in sit but let's sound it "sigh" since that is an assumptive 
option. Interestingly enough, it sounds like another Greek letter "psi"(sigh sound) 
with the remainder of the word simply sounding like "cull". | have decided to 
alter/altar their spell thusly: Phi-Psi-Cull. 


Let's go a little deeper on this. What do the Greek letters represent? Phi and Psi are 
the 21st(777) and 23rd (psalms) letters of the Greek alphabet. Phi ratio is the 
sacred geometry of creation itself where Psi is the spirit so | see/hear the word 

"physical" to be a culling of the sacred creative spirit and the trap of traps. Thus 
why this realm has people so focused on the "meatstick" and not their true selves 
as consciousness and master of all things. No, it wouldn't bode well for one wishing 
to control anything that far out powers it if it knew it. It does take a little practice to 
really get the hang of it but the true art form is slowing down enough to not be 
distracted by everything physical and mental interfering with our abilities to do so. 
To be plain about it, sit down, slow down, shut up and listen closely. If you don't, 
you'll miss it and why we have for so long. We were the ones that assumed far too 
much and it was turned in the mirror to control us. 


If | showed you a picture of a "happy face" logo, you'd get the same concept as 
most everyone where pictures or glyphs are much more difficult to assume or 
presume anything. No, the "riting" of spells had to be more complex to outsmart 
those of us who might have caught on sooner. If | asked you to visualize a cat would 
it be safe to assume it was a tabby or was it a sabre toothed tiger? There's where 
we get hooked on the spells and then, by phonics. We utter the words with such 
irresponsible vigor yet we have no true idea what we are litter-ally puking into 
existence. Prefixes and suffixes are nasty little pieces of work that alter the 
meanings and assumptions of words dramatically. Imagine a language without 
them. We had that once because both of those forms are add-ons to existing words. 
Another interesting thing about the prefix "re" is that it is the ancient true spelling 


of the Egyptian sun god Ra. 


The letter "r" is also a very special letter to me. In Greek it re-pre-sents/sense the 
letter "rho" as in row, row, row your boat (mind). It is pronounced with a rrrrolling 
sound much like the Scottish still say it correct. That letter "rho" means "breath of 
spirit or spirit breath" aka creation. What, you think the Vatican's 
symbol/cymbal/sigil of chi/rho (key/row) is merely a fluke? The Greek letter "chi" 
(pronounced key) looks like the western "X" and "rho" takes the form of a "P" in 
reverse, and for me, that is a deliberate mirroring of the real intent. Visualize the 
letter P backwards and ending in a point versus being rounded and you'll Know what 
it looks like. Let's get phonics on it. Chi can be sounded out like chee(cheap), 
key(quay), kai(kite) or ki(kip). | was rather fond of the kite sound so | switched it up 
to see what i would get, never assuming any sound whatsoever and sounding them 
all out to see what | would "hear/here".. 


Have you ever heard of a city in Egypt called Cairo (chi-rho)? Just what is the 
Vatican's/elites lust for Egypt anyway? Here's the thing. Take the letter P and put an 
X over it and there's the symbol. Since the P is reversed, also can the X be 
"assumed" to be reversed although not many would even think of doing that since it 
looks identical. Ah yes, you forgot the one important thing | mentioned earlier; 
Intent...oh yeah. An X can also now be considered a duality in singularity creating a 
literal double-cross. Have you ever heard that mentioned before as in someone 
"double-crossing" you? Did you never question why and where that expression 
(X-press-shun) came from? Now have a look at the flag of one of the other centers 
of evil called the City of London, state as in the union jack or the Un-ion hi-jack. Yes, 
one has to be a little more creative in one's thinking to see these things but I'll do 
my best to show a few things | used to get outside their box. 


Have you ever had the feeling that you've been double-crossed your whole life in 
one way or the other and you wanted to figure out why? The basis of true humanity 
is one of compassion and unconditional acceptance via free will choice, live and let 
live. As powerful and beautiful as that can be, it was also our downfall where it was 
and is the wishes of lesser caring or soulless entities to use to their own benefit. If 

you've ever been screwed over by another being because you trusted them fully 
where their intent was shown to be one of trustworthy and ended up being far less 

than that in their actions, you'll know what I mean. This is the reason why | never 
create obligations. It took me a long time to figure it out, | was in my late twenties, 
when something my grandfather mentioned to me finally resonated properly. 


"If you ever decide to lend someone money, give it with the intention of never 
getting it back". You see, an obligation works both ways when loans are made. This 
is the true nature of usury, not the ridiculous interest distraction. Only an obligation 

can enslave us, not the interest on it. An old saying comes to mind and one that 
humanity ignored and is being reminded of now. "Never a lender nor a borrower 
be". That doesn't mean screw everyone if they need help, no. Rather it means that 


if you have the means to help, do so willingly, without obligation because the truth 
is, it will enslave both minds, hearts and souls until the DEBT is forgiven. Forgive us 
our debts as we forgive our debtors. Where in that statement does it say "take"? 
The bottom line is this; if you give expecting it back, you're enslaving both parties 
where the true intent will always be shown in someone's actions. If you can't afford 
to give it as a gift, don't make debt slaves out of you both. 


This is the true trickery of spellings where you often find yourself saying "that is not 
what I meant/ment/mind" but it usually falls on deaf ears since the spell was 
already cast. this is the power of whirreds where they'll spin you out every time 
where the intent is left wide open to interpretation and it won't be the one you 
wanted unless you get a grip on the word puking we all do. The spell is broken with 
me where only my intent is given out now and any misunderstandings from anyone 
else are theirs, not mine anymore. If you misunderstand me, then you are still under 
the spell of sigils empowered by phonics or "spirit breath". Speaking is not an 
external creation, it comes from deep within, first by thought and then, through 
vow-call chords. Was that bow to your lady or give her a bow? 


| also had to bring in the musical scales to see and hear this even deeper and, in 
fact, music was the chi/quay/key that opened the lock/lough/waters of truth. Here's 
a question for you. What is the lowest beginning note on the scale and is also a 
nickname for money? What is the highest note and something hot you drink? | could 
write/rite a book on the musical scales and all the trails that i followed, one after the 
other with resounding epiphanies all the way. | even used these altered/altared 
spellings in legal documents long ago to let them know | was catching on to their 
word trickery. If there was anything that got me attacked, it was this unveiling of 
the word trickery, not the matters contained in the documents. You see, once the 
power of the spelling illusion was broken, it mattered not what | wrote anymore but 
that too many people would see the spells for what they are. 


Let's do another paragraph of altered spellings/intents shall we just to reinforce the 
concept of the double-crosses shall we? 


" All ways keep in mined that EVERYTHING ewe udder is Cree 8 Ted in the invisible 
universe. Weather ore knot ewe be leave it is knot relevant two watt is being 
brought in two X cyst ants and wear psi-lents is goal done. It matters knot tomb me 
watt ewe think ore be leave because won thing eye no is that when eye se n-knee 
thing, eye no eye halve created sum thing, sum wear that is an a bomb in nation 
two gnat your all lahs" 


So, the simple truth is, the less you know about this trickery, the more you need to 
be silent because this has been making an absolute mess of everything and it's 
about time we put up AND shut up until we get our e-motions (no motions) in order 
because when the emotions rule the mind, many bastard creations get put forth. 
Please don't under estimate your abilities because those that have you under their 


control know full well of the power they wield over us in our blissful ignorance of 
these laws. There are only two things one needs to control the masses and those 
things are fear and ignorance where both are rife in our whirled today. 


Every sigil, symbol, letter, number etc. are created off the flower of life or the 
flow-er of life and are empowered as such with creation itself. Seriously, how 
powerful do you think you would be if you had billions of souls doing all the 
manifesting because you have them babbling according to your intents? If it is your 
wish to keep enslaving yourself and others, then “Babylon” in ignorance. Have a 
second look and listen to why they had to castrate/Ka-strait Osiris which/witch 
makes more sense to me in that Ka is Egyptian for spirit and a strait is a narrow 
waterway. This is why we need to ka-strait ourselves. The more astute will quickly 
real eyes how many terms we use are in direct relation to the sea and maritime 
traditions. 


Ancient etymology has the words mind, boat, barque, ship, and ment as all being 
one and the same. Even the word phonics comes from the ancient Phoenician 
maritime civilization that was known for their warring ways. Think of all 
communications (com-you and I-Ka-shuns or with one spirit shuns) and the use of 
the combo letters of "ph" with "P" as reversed rho and the letter "H" which | see as 
a vow-all, not a consonant with no Greek letter representing it and why it is silent in 
most languages except (X-sept/seven) Angle/Angel-ish. If something is "ish" it 
means it's only sort of like the original eh? To me, the original language was silence 
because you can hear a sound in your mind; create it without needing to be 
phi-psi-cull at all. 


Let's look at a few other "ph" words such as even our own alkalinity levels of "ph" 
balance. Words like telephone and phonetics are all phony means of 
communication. Greek letter phi is the literal aspect of creations ratio itself. Phee, 
phi, pho, phum or Fee, fie, fo, fum? Are you starting to hear the picture yet? Are you 
starting to understand the gravity of the situations that have had us all trapped for 
eons because once, long ago, we opened our "pearly gates" and let heaven slip 
forth via a langue-gage/tongue pledge? What did you think pearly gates meant in 
relation to heaven? Heaven means "heaved up, thus head" and the Vatican mirror 
boys have had us worshipping (war-minding) their phalluses/phalaces with silent "h" 
all along. The word "pen" means head as well so consider a few other words where 
their dick worship shows up in penal colony, ( isn't the colon the place where the 
sun don't shine and makes sense as to why they're so into buggering little boys?), 
penis, penitentiary, pencil, pentagon, pentagram(theft of divine feminine) 
pendragon etc..... 


It is more important to me that people begin to see the nature of the spell versus 
the vastness of it and how destructively pervasive it is and how utterly distracted 
most of the masses are in their own culling. Trying to fix your body before you clear 
your mind of the garbage is like putting a brand new paint job on a car in the 


junkyard and why i get so adamant about getting out of the distractions. You can 
make a junk yard car look great but it's not going anywhere and the simple truth is, 
we are all driving mental Ferrari’s in a parking lot boxed in by some very clever 
beings. What part of “Ment-All” did you not hear? We create our own future, each 
and every one of us and if the focus is maintained on the physical, you're going to 
miss the real show and you'll be culled along with those that are yet still sleeping. 


Here's the good news about that and | always refer to the law of dominant 
frequencies for this clearing up of nonsense. How many of you are trying or have 
tried to awaken someone up that you knew to be sleeping be it a friend family 
member or otherwise? | will simply ask you to stop trespassing on their free will 
choice to experience life where they are at. You need only empower yourself to 
have the dominant frequency effect. Do you know why the "follow the crowd" is so 
powerful? It's because there are some that know how to dominate the frequencies 
to make it very uncool not to follow the trends. How down did you feel after trying 
and failing and ultimately pissed off someone for trying to awake them? Is that a 
good energy to be in and more so, share? Yeah, you'd best stop that because you 
are creating an obligation and a double cross while trespassing on the most 
fundamental law of them all; free will choice and consent. 


How long would it take for you to get pissed off if someone walked into your room 
while you're sleeping and wake you every hour on the hour? It's a different story if 
you ask someone to wake you at a certain hour and it is only the inevitable consent 

I'm seeking and waiting for. It is only important for you to power your own inner 
light up and that is done with knowledge, then knowledge put into action creating 
wisdom. You then become part of a higher frequency that is engulfing this planet 

right now where all lower frequencies rise to the new dominant one of positive light. 

Yes, even those most evil and sleepy will have to awaken as a result where they too 

get a chance to re-pen-t (sun of god in the head/mind of love). This physical realm is 
merely a playground that has been corrupted by the very few but we are equally 
responsible for allowing it to happen in the first place via our childlike innocence 

(in-no-sense) but we are getting wiser and vibrating higher by the second if the 

illusion of time be considered. 


It is also no coincidence that the Age of Pisces was the age in which the darkest 
aspects came into light and why the Vatican goonies wear their fish hats and 
became fishers/fissures of men. They got us hooked by phonics, sending forth our 
altared creations through our pearly gates in and of our own ignorant consent and 
all we have to do, is to take the hook out of our mouths and stop taking their bait 
because they are the master-bait-oars of the highest/lowest order. | will also finish 
up with this. Look at the word "aura" split in two to form au-Ra. Au is the periodic 
table symbol for gold and Ra is the sun of god which is you, not the one in the sky 
since that is only a re-fleck-shun of your true inner self. Those that have made a 
mess of this place with our help are here to mine our true gold, our creative energy, 
our aura....not the gold in the ground. No, they got us to help them destroy the 


consciousness of our Mother Gaia first where we were traders/traitors of her first 
and now, with their BOND created money, they have us cannibalizing each other 
where our true gold is simply being given away and culled like any other no minded, 
soulless crop. This is where you have the choice to be hooked, rooked and cooked 
by/for/of/in/on/as phonics or not. Silence truly is golden; long may you 
shine.....much love, kate of gaia 


