| Am The Witness by kate of gaia 


This entire game breaks down into its simplest component of sound and the 
creation of realities we experience and has been encased in the sigils and symbols 
of letters and words. This is the very basis of Phoenician law and the sonics and 
phonics intertwining where we have been blinded by the creations of visual light. 
In this realm of light, we are living in the past and at effect to all things visual 
which are the effects of sound where light, as a vibration, is merely a higher 
vibration of frequencies that began with sound or, more accurately, thought. If 
you want to hear the sound of creation all one must do is sit still, close your eyes 
and, in your mind only, say the word "rabbit". Did you hear it? That, to me, is the 
root/route of pure creation and why our thoughts had to be carefully trained to 
be manipulated. 


That which you think on, becomes the pre-sent where no intention yet exists and 
simply "is". It is when we put energy behind these thoughts that they become 
manifest and the easiest way to do that is attach emotions to those thoughts. This 
is why I feel that the emotions are the only things that need to be controlled 
externally to have us creating the reality of someone or something else. So why is 
the word witness so powerful? Let's begin to break it down phonetically to expose 
something deeper. First off, the word "wit" means "to know" and the suffix "-ness" 
means "in the state of being" so witness means to be in the state of knowing. 


An observation of something seen or experienced by oneself is the only thing that 
can be deemed real or reality. If a tree falls in the forest, does it make a sound? It 
does if there is someone or anything living that can experience that vibration, 
even an insect. Something can only be deemed real if there is a witness to that or 
any event in existence. The word "wit" can also be pronounced "white" but one 
has to begin breaking the programming so carefully instilled in our minds as 
children and why the school systems are so insidious to our creative and free 
spirit. Let's take this concept a bit further to outline why a witness in a courtroom 
is so powerful. 


In the realms of fictional legal-land, an "accused" is summonsed where a witness 


is subpoenaed and the difference is beyond black and white. In their realms, it is 
the dead they are summonsing. Subpoena means "under penalty" and only the 
living can be harmed. The facts are already in place where we know all things 
corporate and legal are all things assumed and presumed dead. Only a dead 
corporation can contract with another dead fiction where we are duped into 
taking on the roles of their dead legal fictions via the hinge of hinges called the 
LEGAL NAME. Remember, legality is NOT reality and that is a maxim of law. Just 
think of the words the system likes to use to operate with. Words like possession, 
repossessed, summons etc. and you begin to see the demonic world that all things 
legal is. 


The real trick is to use our ignorance and willingness to go along to get along and 
you begin to see the enormity of this mind trap. Anything and everything that you 
agree with you are in full contract with both physically AND spiritually. Someone 
trying to set their causal ability free cannot do that until they cut all the strings 
connecting them to the legal dead fiction realms. If you agree to be a legal name 
and use it, you are in full contract with everything attached to that; fact. If 
someone were to ask me for my name | will simply answer that as follows; "I am 
the witness to the fraud regarding that name and are you seeking to aid and abet 
me into incriminating myself via fraud by claiming to be such a thing?" 


"We must be our brother's/sister's witness" is as powerful a concept as one needs 
to get. So, if all things in admiralty legal is dead, how much power do you think 
you'll wield if you are claiming only to be a living witness to these and any of their 
system crimes? When you finally get this concept, you will begin to grasp who and 
what you truly are. | do not get caught up in the legal matrix of trying to figure out 
statutes, courtroom shenanigans, claims, affidavits or the like. These are all things 
dead and DO NOT apply to the living, only the dead surety. What some of the 
most brilliant minds in this game fail to get is the simple fact that ANY and ALL use 
or claiming of the legal name has them already dead in the water as a merchant 
ship/mind in their admiralty fleet. If an ordinary semen was to defy the captain of 
the ship where they were part of the crew, what do you suppose will happen to 
that crewman? 


When people claim the legal name, they are instantly in fraud and false 
personations. It is a fact that if anyone has the legal name of someone, their 
parent’s names, the place of birth and the birthday, anyone can order their birth 
certificate and create identification with it so when you claim to be any legal 
name, it can be assumed and presumed at all levels that you may be one of 7.3 
billion legal persons on this planet. With that in mind, who are you really. This is 
the nature of pre-crime and the sheer power of assuming and presuming where, 
in their courts, they are the ones interpreting everything any way they so choose 
and they do this in full universal honour. How can someone else be blamed for 
your ignorance of this truth? 


There is nothing more terrifying to this system than living beings. They are the 
masters of their dead world where we, the living, can easily destroy it from within. 
Visualize a graveyard that you are the only living being standing in the middle of 
and who do you think calls the shots? Dead men tell no tales but the living 
witness can and they are the only ones able to do so. Let's say someone is in court 
regarding a simple parking ticket. Imagine how a judge would react to someone 
saying that they are the witness to a dead legal servant of their realm aiding and 
abetting you, the living, into committing fraud by using the fraud BC name that 
you know isn't yours? The intent of the system's deceit is already proven via the 

existence of the birth certificate in the first place. 


If there was no intent to defraud humanity through this trickery, the birth 
certificate wouldn't exist, nor would the registration buildings erected to serve 
this fraud. We had to step back from this illusion to actually see what was really 
going on and now that we do, we can see how to move forward in prosecuting all 
of these fraudsters from the bottom up and the top down. If it is fraudulent for us 
to use a legal name in their system, then so must it be for all of them; 
mirror,mirror. It is a legal and lawful fact that using something that belongs to 
another without their permission is theft, infringement of copyright etc. The truth 
beyond that is the fact that all parents who register their children are being 
deceived with intent and that those who serve the CROWN dead corpse commit 
fraud by omission and/or commission, knowingly and/or unknowingly. What's 
good for the goose must also be good for the gander. 


This whole game boils down to intent where that concept can be manipulated via 
assumption and presumption. It is also a maxim that a fraud revealed is null and 
void, nunc pro tunc, tunc pro nunc; now for then, and then for now. There is no 

statute of limitations for fraud either legally or universally lawfully. If you want 
proof of this fraud just call up your local vital statistics and ask their legal 
department if using the legal name on the birth certificate is fraud and you will 
quickly see that you will not get an answer and will be sent away with the advice 
that you need to seek legal counsel on that. 


All you need to ask yourself now is this. "Is fraud a crime?" If the answer is yes, 
because it is, you now have the tools to privately prosecute anyone and everyone 
that attempts to dare even ask for your legal name. What most people failed to 
click on is that THOUGHT is intention so if someone asks for your name they had 
to have the thought filled INTENT to do so and as a result, they are in universal 
contract with that thought alone. This was the big clue in the movie "Minority 
Report" as it was referred to as pre-crime. This is the power of thought in that it is 
creation itself. A thought is only that but when there is intent placed into that 
thought as shown by one's actions, it is manifest reality and the reality of the one 
whose intentions are being shown in the physical. 


To illustrate further the power of phonics or sound, let's have a look at a few other 
words that contain "wit", to know shall we? How about the word "witch"? The 
automatic spelled manifest sound is witch with "wit" rhyming with "fit" and the 
"ch" as in the sound "chimney". By splitting the word up as in breaking the spell 
let's pronounce it like "white-key" since the "i" has different sounds and the "ch" 

can sound like a "k". When we change the phonics of a word, we change the 
intent within it as we were spellbound to say it and have let loose an entirely 
different intent laid hidden by our indoctrinations. Explaining this is very difficult 
as is only a measure of how deeply we were all programmed to see and say words 
in a uniformed, created by another's intent, way. 


In order to break the spells of all words, all someone has to do is to get this 
concept and dare to look at one single word differently. The basic concept must be 
seen which is the foundation spell, the spell that all other spells are built on or the 


"keystone" In short, the word witch can now mean "one who knows the key" so is 
it any wonder why they burned witches at the stake? Knowledge is power, not 
money. Money is the effect that owns so many souls where it has transplanted the 
real REASON AS TO ITS CREATION. THE INTENT WAS TO OWN OUR SOULS, OUR 
LIGHT CREATION VIA THIS CONSTRUCT. While so many are focused on the elites 
and their money control, they are missing the fundamental control that is really 
taking place. If we are at effect to the money, the value outside of ourselves, we 
are giving up the very essence of our creational and spiritual natures; we become 

lesser or leaser gods to be milked via our own consent. 


If you have legal woes then you are bringing that upon yourself until you see the 
ruse perpetrated in the mirror. | am long weary of people asking me how do | 
survive without a name etc. where I simply respond with "now you see how 
deeply entrenched in their game that you are". Where people ask me about 

getting a passport ot cross borders | will just say that | am more concerned with 

taking the borders down where they are not and should never have been needed 
or created. Where one thinks they need permission, one is at effect to someone 
else's idea of how things should be. If you agree with passports then you must in 
turn agree with borders. So who is the one building the illusional walls? Who is 
the one feeding energy into keeping Jericho's walls upright? Jericho and the story 
about that was only an allegory where this fictional city has never been found 
along with every other "historical" event ever listed in the bible. These are 
allegories and one needs to have the eyes to see this or one will forever be at 
effect to the literal, physical world where | chose a much higher realm of causal 
spirit. 


The more I see and learn, the more I realize how much of a baby | was. It is time 
to put aside these childish ways because until you do, you will be at effect to 
everything in this physical realm. If you are a baby here in the below, you are a 
baby in the spiritual above. By gaining more control over yourself in the physical, 
you are, by default, becoming stronger in the spiritual realms and more able to 
create the desired effects in this realm. This is why it was so critically important to 
keep the dramas and the bread and circuses going around you so that you would 
never see this. The ones that do see this are the ones creating the effects and it is 


merely a choice, a thought filled contract that can change this. If | can make you 

emotionally attached to something, you will fight to the death to protect it. How 

many people do you think are emotionally attached to money? If | can keep you 

there, | can own your intent and keep using your own power against you. Are you 

getting the picture yet? You cannot serve two masters and this is the main thrust 
of the Nicodemus allegory. 


It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than it is for a rich man 
to enter the kingdom of heaven. The needle referred to here is a narrow doorway 
that only an unpacked camel can pass through (the emotional baggage 
attachments) and the gate can never be wide enough for the ones who worship 
money. The heaven referred to is within your own mind so you can never own 
your own mind until you cut these emotional puppet strings that has you dancing 
to a puppet master of YOUR free willed and intent laden choice. One can only be a 
witness when one truly begins to know and see things as they actually are, not as 
to how you were programmed by the systems to see them. My only intent here is 
to wake you up enough to start seeing this because all it takes is one aha moment 
to derail the entire program. It was the elites biggest fear; "If but one shall 
awaken, we are doomed" Doomed, by the way, means judged. 


By one's actions, one is known and is already judged in, of and by those actions 
after the INTENT thought made manifest. In short, we are already judged by our 
actions where no other judge is required but self and one's actions. You cannot 
take back things made manifest, only be responsible for them at the universal law 
level. All crimes committed are just that, committed and there is nothing that can 
take that away except accepting responsibility upon self and moving in the 
direction where thine eye no longer offends thee. If thine eye offends thee, pluck 
it out means that if you are doing something wrong, only you can stop doing it. If 
we were to take that allegory literally, there would be countless eyeballs getting 
ripped out and we would be even blinder than we already are. 


Only you can change what you do, what you intend to do and it is this core 
postulate that can deliver you a new reality. Change your mind/thoughts/actions, 
change YOUR universe. Too many people wish that others would stop doing what 
they are doing but rarely take the time to ask themselves what they are doing to 

cause this. You cannot be causal if you are permanently at effect to everything 
around you. The system has been constructed in such a way as to keep you in that 
spellbinding. The level of that spellbinding is directly proportional to your 
agreement with the spell that binds you. Let's replace the word "eye" with its 
phonetic equivalents to truly see what the root cause of all things that offend us 
really is. If thine I/aye offends thee indeed. Aye means yes and if your sailing on 
the admiralty/Phoenician law waters then it's aye, aye captain every time. 


| am the witness to my own shortcomings, my own choices and my own reality. | 
am also the captain of my own flagship now where | do not wish to be a merchant 
ship/mind any longer. Everyone who deals in commerce without this truth is a 
merchant ship/mind by choice. If you agree to play a game with someone and you 
always lose then whose fault is it? If you agree that you need a passport then you 
agree there should be borders. Inasmuch as we all talk about divide and conquer, 
are you being party to that contract via religions, nations, genders, colours etc. or 
can you actually see the oneness you claim to know? A house divided cannot and 
will not stand. To truly be a witness, you must be in a state of knowing. When you 
claim to be a witness you are affirming that reality. | am not limited by someone 
else's definitions where | choose my own where only | can fully interpret my 
reality and if | agree to someone else's definitions what am | really saying? | am in 
full contract, spiritually and physically by agreeing with something created by 
another and in turn, | grant them my power if I do so. | no longer choose to do 
that. 


In the simplest terms, we must first be our own witness and then the witness for 
humanity to put an end to all these thought pre-crimes by holding those 
accountable for these crimes accountable but you cannot do that if you are dead 
in their fictional legal, dead in the water of their admiralty fleet and dead 
spiritually, by choice, as a result. It is time to take on your full god status and the 
level of cause you create in this realm is the direct and immediate result. Every 


contract you make and break in this realm is manifest equally in the spiritual 
realms. This is an infinite game of balance where we put our god-ness at effect to 
our demons, the of-me's in the physical. While we may balk at the magnitude of 
our contracts when we first see them fully, we can also take solace in knowing 
that we finally figured out the concept of cutting our puppet strings and can cut 
them as we are baby stepping our way back to cause. Make no mistake about this 
though; once you realize this you MUST begin cutting lest the universe keep 
urging you along with bigger versions of physical hell. 


This physical reality is your spiritual mirror and everything you do in action from 
your intention manifests as above, so below. For those wondering how to re- 
establish their spiritual power, there's your easy answer. What you do from here 
on will determine if you are choosing to be cause over life or remain content and 
at effect to it where others steer your ship/mind. When you choose to be a 
passenger in your own car and the one you give the wheel to drives your car off a 
cliff, whose fault is it really? Humanity has become as lemmings where the ones 
who control them stands at the cliff's edge to see if you will actually jump. 
Unfortunately, mankind has been jumping off this cliff for a long time and my only 
feeling is that it has to stop but only for those who no longer wish to jump where 
the system is now actively pushing people off in desperation. It is this desperation 
that now owns them and evil will destroy itself in the process. 


The most dangerous seed to plant is the planting of a thought and where it has 
worked against us for so long, now it finally works for us. How many CROWN 
oathed slaves do you think it will take to privately prosecute as a witness to their 
crimes for others of their ilk to finally awaken to the crimes they are fomenting at 
the behest of their unseen masters? How many cops, lawyers, judges, IRS/CRA 
agents will it take to jail for the others to perhaps wake up and start looking at 
themselves because the power of fear has been mirrored back? Fear has been the 
only component used against us and those fears are all imagined and thus 
created. 


It is high time for that fear to become good where we begin planting it back in the 
gardens of those that have raped and pillaged ours for so long. | am the witness 
motu proprio, toto genere which is to say that | am the one who knows, of my 
own impulse, in full character. Only the living can claim anything so may | suggest 
becoming your own witness, be a witness for your brothers and sisters and simply 
let the dead carry out the dead. After all, it was their choice, their wish and my 
intention now is to grant only wishes in full light of the golden rule. When you 
KNOW who you are, your white-ness cancels all black where creation finally 
becomes crystal clear. Here, as above, so below, it is ALL about contract and 
everything you think, say and do to agree with this system has you in full contract; 
caveat emptor (buyer beware) in deed.....mwahs and love, kate of gaia 


