Jack And Jill Climb a Different Hill by kate of kaea 
Chapter 2 continued from the 4th essay of the Atlantean Halloween Series 


It was a perfect morning, bright and sunny for them to continue on their way but 
Jack had been very quiet the last couple of hours with him and Jill not really 
talking much but, she could see his wheels turning and every so often you could 
hear him chuckle and she knew what that meant. She knew that Jack was finally 
beginning to see through all the veils that he and she once thought of as the 
"normal", how it's supposed be, gonna be reality. She also knows it's a rude 
awakening for everyone at some point; a most rude awakening. She constantly 
cautioned Jack to breathe when it seemed a little too much to handle because 
when the truth strarts flowing, it's a literal flood in the mind and heart that can 
literally leave you breathless and wondering what to do next once you see the 
real reality of this whirled. It was a different kind of bright and sunny day for Jack 
which made it even brighter for Jill knowing that finally, Jack was beginning to 
see real life for the first time. 


"Ya know Jill, the more | think about this, the more | wonder how you managed to 
keep a level keel dealing with me and so many others" admitted Jack. Jill replies, 
"It's simple Jack, just not easy but, when one comes to terms with one's actual 
and real involvement in the crimes of this evil world, there wasn't a choice | could 
find except to simply not be a part of it ever again and then show others with the 
hopes that they have the heart to stand above this nightmare as well." Jack 
knows what it cost her and ultimately him, on the most intimate of levels where 
he watched all her friends and family treat her like a pariah and cast her off like 
so much garbage, where her life and survival were worth nothing to them. She 
met a lot of others on the path that were looking for an end to their own 
nightmares and the nightmares of this world but none were willing to "go the 
extra mile" where that's the last mile to the Emerald City where humanity is still 
fast asleep, dreaming in the poppy fields reality, mimicking the crosses row on 
row, content to cry over the graves of the slain versus raising them from it. 


"Hey Jack, you remember the story of Moses going up the mountain to get the 
ten commandments, the burning bush, golden calf thingy?" she asks. He 
chuckles lightly as he answers her, "Yeah, | remember that story for the most part 
but I'm sure you have a different way of looking at that with that phonics thing you 
do" as he looks at her with a cheeky grin. Jill just does her standard eye roll with 
a smirk of her own and continues, "Uh huh...anyway, Moses "the character" was 
given ten rules of life to follow as the story goes where apparently, he hadn't 
been doing that, preferring to make up his own rules and this is the allegory of a 


higher being called "god" reading him the riot act. What people don't get Jack, is 
that the word they use for truth in those stories is "god" where YOU are the 
higher being, being called into that life equation, namely truth or liar, that simple", 
Jill responds, and then proceeds to outline the story where all the lines had been 
blurred and turned into "liens" instead from layman's "law" called "legal" or "lay- 
liens" and all manner of other things hidden in the sounds of the spells people 
ONLY take literally, at their face value of the definitions created by another. "What 
happens Jack, is that we have been conditioned into the definitions of the "spells 
and spelling" where it's used to manipulate the very SOUND that creates all 
reality, from invisible sound waves to visible light waves in a very tight band of 
reality, thus the "bands of Orion" mentioned in that book they call the bible. When 
you slow down enough to see the scylla-bulls, the many headed creations, within 
the spells, a different, starkly different picture comes into view or into-of you 
where you can see the split reality of every spell. One sound intention goes to 
pure evil, the other to pure benevolence." Jack was looking a little confused by 
this so he asked her to keep explaining and if he had any questions, he'd ask her. 


He's finally remembering all the times he interupted her as she was explaining 
something and she had constantly warned him to let her finish the whole idea 
first before he put his brain into gear because she'd shown him how quickly and 
easily the intellectual ego mind would take over and she never wastes time 
pointing that out with anyone. Jack was really starting to see and understand how 
patient Jill has been and is with others where they would think her rude or 
impolite regardless of how softly or loudly or on how many times she was still 
saying the same thing but they couldn't hear it, their egos were always blinding 
them with emotional reactions only. "Just let me know if | go over something too 
quickly and I'll go over it again...ok?" she reminded him. 


Jack looked at her with a reassuring smile and said, " Now that | know how to ask 
the right question and actually wait and trust in the right answer for a change you 
mean?" remembering all the times he'd argued with her only to find she was 
always right anyway. Jill is the patient sort but only for those that are willing to 
share that patience long enough to even hear part of the answer let alone accept 
truth, especially when Jill could put it right in front of you and you'll still be blinded 
by the mind programs of this matrix. 


Jack never really understood what she was talking about when she mentioned 
programs and the vast number of mental programs humanity was trapped in but 
he was starting to catch on now. She'd always remind him to take a look around 
and see what everybody else was still doing collectively that she and many 
others weren't doing any longer to go along with the insanity. "It's easy to see 
Jack", she said. "There are two distinct realities that humanity is living in with the 
masses not seeing that because they were born into a legal name reality so 


they've never known any different and that is what they deem to be "normal", she 
explained. "What humanity has more of a problem with is the willingness to even 
look since they've been used to having someone to run to like children, not even 
knowing how to stand on their own without some nanny state prop up 
somewhere", Jill sighed. 


Jill was right again and right on point as usual. "How do you explain that to 
people, to take a moment to breathe and wonder what their reality would be like 
without being a servant to Satan literally? she asked him. Jack answered in 
agreement with her only because he remembers how long it took her to get him 
to breathe long enough to listen without all the programmed fear kicking in. " The 
real problem Jack, is the greed and lusts for "a better life" individually that has 
separated humanity where humanity is playing the same game as demons with 
them being the chattle to feed on or the sell out of humanity that become demon 
feeders as well, either or", as Jill spoke in her calm and matter of fact way. It was 
pointless to get emotional around her anymore regarding what was not blatantly 
and abundantly clear to Jack. "Humanity lives in a legal delusion construct Jack, 
built by those that would feed on the souls of children and life itself where most 
are quite content to walk away when they realize they have to actually be 
responsible for their actions where they don't have a "big brother" to run to and 
prefer to remain ignorant as long as they live better than the next guy", she 
explained. 


"You see Jack, The fundamental issue with using legal "rulings" is that you can't 
use something that is always justified legal left to justify it legally and lawfully 
right , that is, to define something using itself to define itself like using a word in 
the definition of the word you're defining...that's the legal case law reality. No 
fundamental right or wrongs only LEGAL and RIGHTS regardless of the harm it 
may inflict on another which is ALWAYS the case of legal, not law," but they do 
love to call it that" she said in a voice of disgust. 

"Have a look at it for yourself Jack, you can ALWAYS justify some legal bullshit 
RIGHT, especially when you know it's wrong but they carry on in their little death 
illusions of life legally killing each other with no accountability as long as you kill 
by their rules which is only one of millions of examples of law versus legal 
bullshit.....law: thou shalt not kill vs. legal: it's OK to murder children (carpet 
bombing etc.), just put this uniform and flag on first.....you either worship their 
robed legal rober B.A.R.ongs or you step away from their nightmare 
reality.....most will never do that...especially the intellectuals, they're too stupid, 
trapped in another's definitions and simply reinterpretted to fit a square peg ina 
round hole by shaving enough truth off the box "case" and make it into a round 
Ba'al" she continued. 


"In a world where right and wrong were tossed to the wind blurring the lines 
between lawful and unlawful, true right and wrong, the only definitions | used was 
separating that legal/illegal perspective in contrast to lawful and unlawful, the 
only clear cut separation in the legal world where right and wrong takes a back 

seat to legal definitions and determinations based on how they got away with 
killing or any crimes the last time...they call it "case law" but really, it's called 
growing the fuck up" as Jill started to get in her groove. 


"It's like the so-called activists, the freeman, patriots types etc. that are nothing 
but wannabe fucking lawyers without a B.A.R. card...they should just get a B.A.R. 
card, be honest about themselves and join up with Satan's crew since they like 
playing with them so much," Jill continued, the rage behind her eyes held 
perfectly neutral but you knew when she was on fire, she just knew how to hold 
that fire in the palm of her hand almost daring and tempting you to take a bite 
where the wiser ones knew that to be foolhardy at best, incinerating at worst. 
Just as quick as the fire comes into her eyes, Jill returns to the level keel and 
almost whispers, "I just sent them the shut up notices, the "| can see your 

crimes"essays and got on with my day, regardless of the price it cost me and 
everyone that makes a stand in truth defying Satan's world and the legal demons 
that serve him slaughtering life at their leisure and profiteering" 


"Now really Jack, | can't put a price on another's soul...can you?.....that's where 
creation showed up and showed all the miracles...but you and humanity would 
never know while dancing in the dance of legal death, pure and simple," as she 
was hitting her stride. "Since you've already noticed lately, you'll find me much 
more cut and dry these days Jack, and you more than anyone else know how 
tired | am of imbecilic debate within a legal house that Jack's Union built, 
because you're tired of it too now," she correctly assessed. "When people ask 
you where to look the easiest answer is look at the Union of Jack Black Blue 
Bloods...you can tell that union by the double cross and the blue/red blood 
staining the n-sine ensign....it's all in the phonics Jack.... 
blood...red in sunlight, navy blue to black in the moonlight and these dark 
bastards prefer to do their killing at knight then write out their sins in the black 
blood of black ink to get one of their little "pages pagans" to accept their sin as 
theirs, physical and spiritual fact," Jill stated in her most matter of fact way. 


"When you or anyone creates something from their own ideas, they have a 
fundamental right to determine how their creation is going to be used where a 
copyright is the fundamental "stamp" of someone's ORIGINAL creation concept, 
regardless of what legal book you look at, simply put, you made it first, it's yours 
rule so if you didn't create something and you use it, you're bound by their rules 
since you're using someone else's creation source construction plan, so, if you're 
in the legal unreality, your "reality" is the one they create the FORMS to build 


your life's house foundation on for you to be the se'ment (creation mind/source 
energy) in those FORMS and all they need is you to VOLUNTARILY FILL in 
those forms first to be that se'-ment (creation source mind/life) and then they pick 
your life clean like the pair-a-sights they are...split adams and get evens," she 
sighed. 


Jill took another deep breath and continued, "And since humanity, all of us 
defrauded since birth, built their houses, families and literal reality bass-ed on 
THEIR ply-your-would forms (i.e. legal name you built your reality with), that 
reality isn't yours while you continue to think that's who you are when in fact, 
they're nothing more than a single watt/what and you are drained of your power 
with every word you speak." Jack's eyes got rounder and rounder as he 
exclaimed, "That's insanely evil Jill, that someone or some "thing" would enslve 
life like that." Jill replied with her lips pursed, "Devilishly insane indeed, but it's got 
humanity duped and the dopey greedy intellectuals are the ones that keep it that 
way so | loathe anyone using demonic sorcery of legal references to justify a 
wrong position using "legal RIGHTS" as their supposed defence where | already 
know who's house they live in and who they serve: Satan, evil, dark principality or 
whatever you wanna call it to see the personified, physical form evil." 


"You saw it for yourself Jack where we had spent a lifetime building our own lives 
only to have it all stolen but really, that was just a test of my own free will so | had 
to rebuild my own house house again devoid of their boxed forms and bloody 
forums even though they had driven away all the people | was building my house 
for in the first place." They continued walking and talking and Jack was noticing 
how steadfast his steps were becoming with every new realization and he gazed 
on Jill with a little bit of wonder, the wonder of how she managed to fight through 
all the nightmares without wanting to strangle some people. He chuckled that one 
to himslef but Jill Knew what that chuckle was. "They like to pin the blame of their 
evil on the one's that catch them, then use the fear programs to get those you 
love to turn their back on you like they all did to us Jack," she said. "| removed 
THEIR name, THEIR path and MY living house from all their legal bullet-ins and 
took the bull-ettes out which emptied their guns and clamped their fists in their 
own iron bracelets where now they only have themselves to blame completely, 
not halve themselves to blame shared," now speaking softly but with a hardened 
steel razor's edge in her voice. This girl has stood her ground and walked her talk 
every step of the way and Jack was grateful she did. He knew where he'd be 
without her and that wasn't a compfortable proposition any longer. That road he 
used to be on led straight to hell but then that's what the magi-straights are there 
for; to make sure you're wearing a straight Jack-I.D., hellbound and gagged until 
you cut your own strings Pinocchio. 


The day wore on and looking back, Jack and Jill had walked a long way on this 


hill, sloping upwards ever so gently now where it used to be a perilous cliff face 
that required the skill of an expert mountain ear. Jack always liked it when Jill 
used allegories from stories he was already more than familiar with to illustrate 

the simple concepts she was sharing. The hardest part, as far as Jack could see, 
was getting someone, anyone to sit and listen long enough to get all the facts 
versus them always being stubborn in a position based only on what they were 
programmed with at schools and religious cult houses of Satan's synagogue and 

always reacting emotionally, often violently to the point of killing another based 

on those delusions. 


"This is the world of broken toy land of toy I.D.-dolls where their "tickers" are 
broken but their "talkers" keep ticking Jack," she giggled. "They live in the world 
of RIGHTS and wrong tics, tax and tows like poly-tics...seman-tics....anti-semi- 
tics...plas-tics, and all manner of all the wrong tics so it's not heart to see watt 
makes these broken dolls tic at all," she continued. "A broken ticker is simply a 
heart that doesn't work anymore where the heartlessness of their gods called 
poly-tic-shuns are their masters that keep their "beat" for them and humanity 
marches to their achin' drumm instead." "Humanity can't simply look at a 


murdered and raped child from the heart perspective anymore unless that child is 
one of their possessions as if life can be owned by anyone but the one that owns 


it," she huffed in a sigh of ongoing disgust. Jack knows she really hates talking 
about all this evil but someone had to be the one to call all of it, not just some of 
it, out, once and for all. 


"Humanity forgets the culpability of their crimes when the missile, tank or bullet 
they just helped build on the factory assembly line floor as it rolls off the line to 
deliver its killing effect somewhere else thinking that when they punch out at five 
o-clock, their guilt and responsibility punches out too. They don't see that 
Pinocchio string they're tied up with the instant some killer pulls the trigger or 
pushes the button from the same legal name club they're members of, the true 
lien in the sand," Jill said with a certainty few could grasp. "Only the few that CAN 
grasp that will set themselves free Jack, like you and | did, where the Legal 
Name sevants don't realize have set themselves on fire, ready for their coming 
hell that now awaits them just over the horizon and all because their tickers are 
broke," she finished. 


Jack's eyes were getting wider and wider with every word Jill was saying, with 
every step they were taking on a road so rarely travelled, he wondered how she 
could have picked up this trail in the first place. "What was the real difference for 
you Jill, the one that gave you this kind of strength to stand in, literally, the face of 
ALL humanity and the demons they serve?", Jack asked. "You already know the 
answer to that one Jack, it just took you a little longer to let your heart do your 
thinking where the mind of humanity is lost in Satan's O.S. programs and where | 


know the original Oz, the original wizard and it wasn't some techno-geek legal 
named slave or demon pushing buttons on a smoke and mirrors machine they 
built." 


"These aren't babes in toyland Jack, they're papes in goy land with papal smears 
and pape-El moon-eye. A broken toy is easy to spot because they always lien to 
the legal left and lead with their legal RIGHTS hooks so you already know how 
these box-sires swing and it's ALWAYS the same swing, never varies," Jill went 
on to say. "These broken |.D.-dolls are too busy screaming about their own 
agendas of fear based on how it'll affect their ability to feed at Satan's money 
trough and then pretend to be all spiritual using one legal term here, another 
new-cage nuke-age gnu age term there which shows what world they're truly 
living in; it's as simple as watching them in the language of light called their 
actions." 


Jill was getting up to speed now and she kept going, "The demons, dear Jack, 
are the ones that can actually see the connections of their actions and the harms 
and harims of this world but they won't change their actions or will make a feeble 
attempt to try and make you think they're willing to change but they always back- 

slide to hell's trix and tree-eats world. Demons eat the tree of life so that's an 

easy spot, just sit outside any fast food joinder or grocery store and see how 
much death they carry in their little bags for the B.A.R.-Be-qued semi-Te's, half 
ewes." Jack knew she was right as he'd been there every time she was talking 

with anyone that wanted to defend their filthy demonic ways and she'd heard 
every excuse under the sun and rarely heard the true "click" go off where that's 

the sound of a long dead heart finally firing back up into life, a heart that's 

decided that ALL life matters, not just their own greedy little lusts and scenarios. 


Jack watched as time after time, those that said they were friends and family 
thrust knives deeper and deeper into her back no matter what she did or said 
otherwise to wake them up from the death sleep. She knows these broken toys 
are all heading for the incinerator because when the ticker is completely broke, 
only intellectual chaos is left without any rhyme or reason remaining. The only 
reason that's left is the reason they killed another to get what they want and the 
only rhymes are the ones they sell to keep their fellow demons entertained. Jack 
realized that if you're going to win any game of you-care in the you-curse torn- 
ament is to be the right bower, not the left and since he was already once the left 
bower, he learned their legal tricks and became the right bower and Satan's 
highest card at that point is the death card Ace of spades and that's the one he'll 
be using to dig his own grave with, except, that grave's already been dug a long 
time ago. Jill's just here to fill everyone in or file everyone out, their choice. 


The day was bright and clear again where they had once been lost in the fog of 
whore like some proverbial Hansel and Gretyl where Jill was the one who found 
the breadcrumbs of truth and retraced her steps all the way back home and 
simply yelled; "Hey guys, over hear" and those of us that heard her, saw that we 
didn't have a choice either where the choice at that point was only hell. Jack has 
always had Jill's back, from day one to day won so he knew her better than 
anyone else and there's one thing he knows; Jill's right so he pays very close 
attention to every thing she says and does. Jill knew this beast called Baby-loan 
and the Satanic merchants that serve everything evil and dark. She knew that if 
you played in the arena with this many headed beast, all you could do was cut off 
one head here and there but another lawyer or freeman wannabe lawyer always 
grew back in it's place. She knew that to slay this dragon, you had to go for its 
heart to kill that beast from her reality once and for all, literally. 


Jill found the magic key and the vorpal sword that slays the Gabber-walkie 
talkie's and she knows that it's up to each and every one of us to pick up that 
same sword for ourselves where all she had was faith and a true heart to wield it 
and everyone telling her she was wrong. "You know Jill," says Jack, "I often 
wondered what I'd do without you." Jill looked at him, square in the eyes and 
quietly said, "Jack, it's more about what I'd do without you and | wasn't willing to 
lose my bet-her half is all where this world has us lonely enough as it is. At least 
| have one friend | can always trust and the truth is, if | can't trust my own dear 
Jack, how could | ever trust one of those Union Jack's where all they can do is hi- 
jack humanity where Hi Jack! is my preferred form of hi-jacking anything,” she 
said with a solemn chuckle. 


"Your heart has to be in the right place, not the RIGHT'S place Jack and this little 
quest we're on was for me to show you that where you could show me my own 
purpose in creation. There's no point in creating anything if it's just going to kill 
itself and this world is the last world with the remnants of the broken |.D.-dolls 

getting their last chance to change their minds and only a true heart has the 
power to over-ride that," Jill ascertained. "No Jack, we have this road now and 
those that choose the heart will eventually find us and the others that joined us 
on this path and I’m going to remind you, you’re not some savior, you're just the 
messenger with the truth that saves your eternal soul. Truth is the savior where 
truth seeks life and lies seek death.” Jack, rather sullen at this point has been 
pondering deeply everything she’s telling him. He’s getting the idea now that it 
wasn't Jill or himself the valley people were condemning, it was the fact that they 
were too busy having a good time at the expense of all life and that he and Jill 
were just an easy and nearby target to spit on and to blame for them being 
exposed in their own greeds and lusts. The truth, to them, meant that their party 
was over and they’re not quite ready to leave Satan’s world behind. 
They both continued walking in a quiet solace taking in the views of this new 


world opening up for them the higher they climb Jacob’s Ladder to the truth and 
stop sliding down all the snakes in life's games of temptation. “It’s been quite a 

day, quite a walk to get here,” smiled Jack as new realizations and new changes 

were coming into view where life was finally making some sense to him. Jill could 
only smile at him in a reassuring way in the old “Sure, didn’t I tell ya” grin that 
rarely had time to leave her face. “The only difference between you and | Jack, 
and many others now is we're tired of watching Rome burn life in the illusion of 

some grand circus or party while humanity runs headlong into its final doom 

where we had had enough and put down all the party favours and got serious 

about life and it’s greater meaning,” replied Jill as she pointed to a great spot for 

camping out for the night. 


It was a great little spot under the stars that were closer now than ever before 
and they headed off the trail for another day. Just not too far, just far enough to 
catch their collective breaths and get rested for another day in the adventure of 
life where death, the old devil, could never move them off their path home ever 
again. “We'll talk about the crazy zombies that are too busy partying in this Hell 

here called Rome being the bow in Satan’s orchestra; we sing a different 
song.....now Jack, let’s get that tent set up, it looks like there are others coming 
up the path so let’s get this camp set up so they have no doubt where to pitch 
their tents and maybe, just maybe, we'll have a little sing-song of our own tonight 
around a different kind of fire.....whatcha think?” Jack was already unpacking, he 
had a different energy these days. He was finally, for the first time in his life, alive 
and the best part was.....he Knew why and he was grateful. 


They had just finished setting up when the first of the weary travellers arrived at 
their new base camp for the night. One by one they were greeted as they 
dropped whatever measly belongings they had left since this path forces one to 
travel light in every way. The table was set and as always, there were extra 
places at the table but this time, there were fewer places empty and more smiles 
as everyone shared their adventures of the road. One by one the valley people 
had embarked on the same road because they heard the same message finally 
and it was so nice to see so many familiar faces at the table this night. The air 
was delectably mild with a baby bear perfect hint of “just right” as everyone 
settled down around the fire for the first time in a long time. Jack had the final say 
when he looked Jill square in the eyes and said, “ You were right Jill, tomorrow is 
always going to be an even better day when you make the today you have better 
than the one you had and just keep doing that.” All Jill could do was smile and 
say, “ Clever boy Jack.....clever boy....now help me get some more firewood, it 
looks like it might be a late one tonight, the music is calling....... 


....to be cont., kate 


