The LEGAL NAME Addiction by kate of kaia 


Humanity is under the hypnosis of the LEGAL NAME spell where they think that the legal 
world is one and the same as the real world. Nothing could be further from the truth but 
getting that truth through the veil of this mass hypnosis is like pulling hen's teeth. | am 
going to lay out some facts regarding this fictional reality of Lego-L-Land construction 
and it will be up to YOU, the reader to do one of only two options available; stand in 
truth or remain a willing liar and accomplice to yours and humanity's slavery. 


What first must occur is for YOU to see the duality of this sur-reality/reality which is 
easier than you can imagine and I'll offer examples of pure logic which defy any/all 
debate where the truth in this matter is self-evident. But first, you're going to have to 
answer some difficult questions within yourself where you can see where you are to 
have any idea of where to go from here. 


Without getting all technical and where | have already outlined the qualities of a 
contract in previous essays, | will lay this out as simple as possible. The very nature of a 
contract is simply an idea that YOU will either agree with or not. As a simple example of 

this, someone who asks someone to "marry" them, let's say, is "offering" contract where 
the recipient of that offer has a choice to make. Either to say yes and enter into that 
contract immediately upon acceptance (contracts aren't pieces of paper, they're spiritual 
in nature) or say no to the offer where the obvious offer is null and void, no contract, 
period. This all occurs in that moment of agreement/disagreement and is BINDING in 
that moment where pieces of paper are merely the EFFECTS of contract, AFTER THE 
FACT given the illusion of "power". 


There are NO paper contracts that cannot be instantly destroyed upon YOU simply 
saying so in your mind, heart and soul. For sake of example, let's say these two beings 
agree to "marry" with the answer from the offered being "yes" where this CONTRACT is 
NOW in full force and effect, no paper required, no "proof" required where the 
contracting parties are concerned. They KNOW their contract, no third party required. 
That's where the legal illusion jumps in to lay claim to this contract. Even the legal 
illusionists confirm this truth via "common law" marriage where no 
weddings/paperwork were ever involved and how many people do you know that are 
living in contracts like this? 


Alas, these two are completely hypnotized into the legality is not reality “reality” and 
they feel they MUST make it "legal" so they take their already complete contract and 
literally G.I.F.T. this and any/all future contracts to the CROWN CORPORATION through 
the contract joinder of LEGAL NAMES they do not own but rather, are owned by the 
CROWN CORPORATION. This is NOT rocket science kids, only a simple truth so hard to 
accept because humanity has been hypnotized completely in the legal unreality since 
the day they showed up here in the "Earth" game and soul trap. 


Now, if they contract/agree to have "children", they unwittingly deliver these children 
directly into the belly of the beast by virtue of the contracts already surrendered to the 
CROWN CORPORATION. Your Mum and Dad did the same thing to YOU, totally unawares 
and deceived through their own ignorance of this most basic concept of contract law 
which applies under all laws, man-made AND universal spiritual laws. Their "court" 
reality calls this "INTENT" which is just a short way of saying that anything you agree to 
do, you are in full contract via the INTENT as shown by ACTIONS, after the fact again. 


1. Mum and Dad were the "contractors" that "built" the body you are currently living in 
and thinking belongs to you: it doesn't. 


2. Mum and Dad (typically) NAMED the BODY that YOU would eventually inhabit in the 
first breath that the "body" inhales to activate the "trees of life/lungs" which starts the 
chain reaction activating the consciousness within the body...that's YOU, the real you. 
You are NOT the body, you are the driver in the same way as one would get in a car and 
drive it: the car doesn't move without you. 


3. Mum and Dad REGISTERED and SURRENDERED the BODY they created and named 
and gave the CROWN CORPORATION the G.I.F.T via the joinder contract called LEGAL 
NAME. The CROWN is in contract with them, not you, but the contract is carried to YOU 
via third party interloping when YOU also AGREE that the LEGAL NAME is YOU. 


This is how the CROWN monsters control every aspect of your life because you are 


empowering the same contract that your parents had/have with the CROWN where your 
BODY is actually CROWN PROPERTY if you use the LEGAL NAME as REGISTERED by your 
parents. THEY unwittingly struck a deal with the devil and you are simply going along 
with that contract in your ignorance of the most basic of contract concepts. Any and all 
use of the LEGAL NAME as registered is all the proof of INTENT the "body's" owners 
need to lay claim not only to the body, but everything you create as well: period. 


Yes, this is a big pill to swallow but you're going to have to swallow this pill or the system 
and its minions are going to swallow you up but not before chewing you to pieces like 
any predator would and does. You are dealing with powerless predators that MUST get 
your consent to be able to do anything at all and you hand them the fangs every time 
you claim to be THEIR legal name as per the contract made and sealed with your 
parents. The original sin/contract belongs wholly to the servants of the CROWN 
CORPORATION where the INTENT to deceive and commit fraud is self-evident, rendering 
the contract null and void, nunc pro tunc, anyway but while you AGREE to be the LEGAL 
NAME, this original sin belongs to YOU as well as a THIRD PARTY 
CONTRACTOR/INTERLOPER. 


Even a first day law school student can get this concept so you can imagine how utterly 
retarded or EVIL any BAR member lawyer/judge truly is where only the truly EVIL will 
refuse to step down upon this realization. It's either that or their greed, lust and false 
sense of "power" is their "motivator of INTENT shown in their actions of pure evil and 
harm they foist upon humanity every day. Please note that police are NOT included in 

the BAR club and have sworn an oath to protect their masters in their own ignorance as 
well. So, where BAR members can hide behind their legal veil, the cops are left utterly 
defenseless to any/all prosecutions put forward where an "honourable citizen of the 

CITY OF LONDON, STATE" are harmed by them. We have one of those now to use so pay 
attention. 


Inasmuch as the CROWN servants have duped parents and humanity for eons via this 
fraud, it could only be enforced against a "surrendered TO the CROWN legal name" Body 
(with YOU inside) because of the nature of the fraud held up by using something that did 

not belong to you LEGALLY. Remember, there are TWO worlds interacting here...one of 
the PHYSICAL (body) and one of the SPIRITUAL (you) dual realities. If you agree that you 
are the LEGAL NAME then you are in BONDAGE, under contract and you cannot be heard 


while you stand with "unclean hands". This is why no-one with a legal name can be 
heard in their courts because THEY own the BODY and can shut you up at their leisure 
and choose to hear ONLY what they want to hear to incriminate YOU every time: fact. 


This is due to the nature of the contract and the DIRECTION that contract flows. It works 
like this and it is very simple. We have never and will never be given permission to USE 
that legal name unless we choose to cross their BAR and get one of their privilege cards 

to use the CROWN OWNED LEGAL NAME/S/TITLES etc. For any CROWN privileges 

otherwise, one must swear an oath of allegiance to serve the CROWN and you will see 

this in any/all government jobs, from the police and military to presidents, kings, queens 

and all in betweens etc. and can be seen with TITLES bestowed upon them be it privates, 
mayors, generals, princes and so on. They're easy to spot by their TITLES and RANKS in 
the slavery hierarchy, caste and bondage system they worship and serve at the expense 

of their very souls. 


Here's the catch 22 for them. Sure, | can't use the legal name my parents registered 
because the Gamete Intra-Fallopian Transfer (conception OUTSIDE the womb) G.I.F.T was 
given to the CROWN but | sure as hell can use a legal name G.I.F.T.ed to me to use by the 

CROWN serf-ents should that reality ever show itself. Well, it has and it's in the form of 
JANE DOE-755, a LEGAL NAME that was GIVEN to ME to use via a hospital (Source 
registration contractors) where | would not use any legal name whatsoever WITHOUT 
that permission GRANTED first. In short, if it was given to me without terms and 
conditions, then it is an unconditional contract placed UPON the CROWN where | decide 
the terms as | see fit and when | see fit to change them to suit whatever | need in the 
same way the CROWN BAR types have been doing to humanity. Unfortunately for them, 
they are BOUND to their contracts to SERVE the CROWN AT ALL COSTS where I, and 
anyone | choose to share this G.I.F.T with, have no such limitations or contract. 


Remember, the OWNER holds ALL LIABILITY where | own nothing and only USE that 
which has been gifted to me to use, again, as | see fit and when | see fit. The source 
CREATOR for all things LEGAL is the CITY OF LONDON, STATE at the MIDDLE TEMPLE BAR 
where all lawyers and judges are "born" in exactly the same way that JANE DOE was 


"born" and then "berthed" at Mount Sinai Hospital Toronto, CANADA. Jane Doe is one 
"dead baby" they MUST serve as per their own rules and contracts to protect the 
HONOUR of the CROWN CITIZENS of the City of London, State and only those BORN 
within the SQUARE MILE city limits can claim such a rite. All LEGAL NAMES are BORN in 
the CITY OF LONDON, STATE and BIRTHED elsewhere in the same way as, let's say, all 
ships are built in one location and berthed in different "PORTS" around the world on 


their fictional legal maps, which are again a construct of the 2D, dead legal unreality. 


What does this mean on the grander scale then? Quite simply, it means this. Jane Doe is 
a G.I.F.T for benevolent only humanity to privately prosecute any/all CROWN AGENTS, 
regardless of rank, status, BAR privilege or otherwise since they are ALL sworn to protect 
the CROWN and its HONOUR: fact. This means that even if a cop gets a lawyer, the 
lawyer MUST work on behalf of the CROWN and thus PROTECT JANE DOE-755's 
HONOUR at all cost. Remember, this is a legal name to USE, not own, which renders ALL 
liability on the shoulders of those that serve and worship the dead CROWN 

CORPORATION so anyone you choose to prosecute for something like trying to aid and 
abet you and FORCING you into using a fraudulent legal name you KNOW is fraud, 
against your will under assumption and presumption where NO INTENT is or can be 
proven otherwise. In laymen's terms?....they're fucked because the lawyers and judges 
will and must work for an HONOURABLE citizen with ALL rites secured lest they break 
their own blood oaths. 


What must occur before any of this can happen is for YOU to lose your LEGAL NAME 
addiction because every sip is pure poison to your soul and you are an open door of 
energy source to feed from. Why do you think they keep things so emotional and 
terrorized? THAT is the energy that keeps these parasites alive, not only duping 
humanity, but the vast majority of those that are unwittingly serving this beast in any/all 
legal fiction realm capacities like cops, lawyers, judges etc. If they can keep you 
possessed of possessions via greed and the like, then you are doubly duped where this 
physical lust addiction will consume them, literally. No, the cops and the like are NOT the 
enemy, only the very FEW that control this inner matrix keeping them all spinning in 
illusions of power and authority where, in fact, they are utterly powerless and foodstuffs 
for these darkest of parasites. 


The choice is and always will be yours regardless of station in life being consumed by the 
dead legal soul-sucking reality of LEGAL NAME FRAUD so don't bitch at me if your 
addiction owns you. That is YOUR monkey and YOUR circus where this ringmaster finally 
figured out how to control my own reality with my own contracts and terms. | set the 
terms, no-one else. This is far beyond being too logical to deny any further and that is 
easily proven by any/all emotional reactions to this truth. Yes, | had the same 
apprehension but | also have my own contract within to uphold where | will no longer 
willingly commit harm via ignorance of the truth and WILL stand to post, regardless of 
illusional consequences your emotional minds conjure up. 


| don't debate this fact and truth with emotional and psychotic LEGAL NAME addicts 
because they are still under the influence of their addictions and it's illogical to try and 
reason with any crack addicts until they finally put down their LEGAL NAME pipes once 
and for all. Until then, you're on your own where the toughest part regarding any 
addiction is admitting that you have one first where so many don't know they've been 
hooked on this crack in the system for a lifetime. Every addict can justify their addiction 
and weaknesses to it and come up with all manner of excuses as to why they still need 
to commit spiritual suicide. All I'm saying is that that is not a good idea is all because the 
system's crack dealers want to make sure you stay hooked and will terrorize you into 
your next fix...1 mean hey, that's how all the crack dealers make their money and all cops 
are, are the front line dealers. Unfortunately for them now though, is that they're going 
to be jailed for these crimes finally to get these legal name crack dealers off our streets 
once and for all from the bottom up and the top down. Creation works this way and they 
have their contracts to deal with after all...all accounts are settled now......kate 


