Legal Name: Mark of the Beast Carving Set Model 666 


Religion is an odd duck far beyond what anyone could imagine. Regardless of 
what religio-chosis chosenitus you're suffering from/deluded by, you still have 
one thing in common that crosses all of these mental illnesses and they are 
mental illnesses; schizophrenic psychopathy in one extreme or another. | mean 
really, wanting to kill someone driven by one religious fervor or another to a state 
of suicidal berserker pitard-ness. Boom! What all of these divided minds fail to 
see is what trap connects everyone where what one believes in a religious sense 
is unified through the same lie. As far as | remember, all churches, mosques, 
ashrams, sin-a-Gogs etc. use collection plates for..... money. We're not talking 
about real stuff here like gold or silver (still a trap anyway as money worshiping) 
mind you, we're talking about Satan's money created out of the Whore of 
Babylon City of London State Legal Sorcery club. It's dubbed "fiat currency" which 
is to say "it's worth whatever Satan's servants aka politicians, lawyers, judges, 
priests, kings, queens etc. say its worth" and a little "oh btw, we get to take all the 
cream off the milk too" first. 


What these religious fanatics (mild Friday/Saturnday/Sunday sinners to extremists 
like evangelists etc) fail to see is the obvious. While they're preaching salvation of 
one kind or another, fill the plate before you leave, sort of thing they can't see 
they're serving the very whore of commerce they rant so wildly against. They're 
pidgeon-holed into limited realities and can't see outside their little boxes let 
alone see what's coming around the corner ahead of them either. The short 
version of it goes like this. All fiat/paper/base metal money is LEGAL TENDER 
meaning it exists ONLY because someone said so and the real value is carried on 
the backs of every man, woman and child contracted into this legal Satanic 
nightmare. All the homework is done and easy to research using "legal name 
fraud" as your first google search and follow the yellow brick road for all the 
hows, whys, whats, whos, wheres etc...You are branded with a LEGAL NAME at 
birth and carry that dead mark until YOU remove it yourself. No-one else can do 
this for you; it is YOUR contract/deal with Satan until YOU burn it in mind, body 
and soul. Breathe, there are steps to get beyond this but one must SEE the 
concept of the contract first, walk accordingly afterwards. 


You spent a lifetime trapped in that legal matrix so don't expect your drive-thru 
burger when the seeds are just planted in your field. One need only read 
Revelations 18 for a complete overview of what the Whore of Babylon aka 
commerce legal is all about. Try opening any account without your mark of the 
legal beast. Humanity has been rooked squarely into quite a little corner but the 


good news is this; all you need do is change your mind on what you agree to be 
true or not. Start with "it's a legal fact that it is ILLEGAL for anyone to use a legal 
name" for more reasons than | can care to list here but again, all the details are 
easy to find. Got a B.A.R. card? If no, then you are practising law without a license 
while you're using B.A.R./CROWN, City of London, State/Whore of Babylon 
copyrighted (no less) property like you think you own it. That's the hope so they 
can take all your life's work and not be a criminal doing it. You used their property 
for gain, that's illegal too eh? To any so-called Christian I'll simply tell them they 
might as well carve 666 onto their foreheads and in the palm of their hands with 
a razor if they're thinking/owning/claiming/fighting to be a LEGAL NAME. They 
may want to revisit the 10 commandments as well at this point while working on 
the seven deadly sins aka candles to be worthy of the savior they think is coming 
to save them be it Buddha, Jesus, Mohammed, Abraham blah blah blah. 


Ask these people who they are and they reach for a bit of dead plastic or paper to 
show you and say "that's me!" I say really and start talking to the plastic/paper. 
They can't connect the false idol-lord's name in vain, the lord in this sense is 
Satan's world since he's the lord you're serving. No less than the first three 
commandments really spell this out where the rest are common sense and really, 
did someone actually have to write that down because some couldn't remember 
not to kill, steal, rape etc??? You have some serious issues if that needs written 
down anywhere but in your own heart. Legal name is the collective, guilty by 
association sin so don't be too hard on the ones you're condemning, you're in the 
same legal guilt club as them until you isn't. That's how contracts work 
remember? You agree with another in action/principle/non-action/willful you are 
in CONTRACT with them where | chose to be in CONTRAST to them to expose 
them. These same schizo psychos love to foment war on others by either agreeing 
that one nation slaughter another while they bitch about 4 dollar gas on their way 
to preach stopping through rotten ronnie's on their way home to top up the tree- 
of-lif-ometer dead sacrifice burger all the while ranting about how bad the other 
guys and their religions are. Sheer madness. 


You just can't get this concept through their thick skulls, programmed with flag 
and country worship with layer upon layer of add-on programs tossed in even 
before you get to their hippo-critter-cull religious zeal-bot rage. This is not 
something you can rationalize with them either and to do so would likely have 
you teetering on the edge of the abyss trying to comprehend their insanity so I'd 
suggest, don't bother. Just hit them with the facts and won't they look silly 
looking their creator in the eye trying to wriggle out of that one, especially those 
that mocked this truth. The hardest part about it is the fact that you're offering 


someone the eyes to see. while some may not take their spiritual consciousness 

immortality serious, | do. This is not some little trivia game answer here folks, this 
little puzzle piece is the one that completes the whole picture where, without it, 
one will walk to their doom in blindness. So be it, free will choice is what it is so 
feel free to ignore the gravity of this truth. You were told not to eat of the tree of 
life and that is humanity's way of life. Is it coincidence that maggots do the same 
thing? There's that guilt by association with ALL of creation in your actions. You 
were told not worship idols and material dalliances. You were told THOU SHALT 
NOT KILL and there humanity goes, off into the abyss riding another bullet into a 
child somewhere, day in, day out, without so much as a give a shit care. As long 

as you have your grog, right sailor? 


| have long grown weary of the double talkers, the back stabbers and the 
spineless where the only expectation is to do something, anything in the direction 
of getting this truth and message out. Many know the walk I've taken as 
broadcast for years, live at the scene journey where my trials and tribulations 
were mine, where the give and take was an extreme cost for knowledge. 
Priceless, in fact and yours for the taking. All | can do is set my own example and 
share that where people can take from it what they will. That still doesn't change 
the facts surrounding humanity's and your enslavement if you're still a little dark 
on this subject matter. It's only when this legal name blinder is removed can 
anyone step outside Plato's Cave and once out, never to return to that madness. 
Humanity loves to preach peace in their sermons while they bless the ones 
running off to murder or be murdered giving glory to whatever idol their god may 
be. This world and its crumbling empires is finished, far beyond repair let alone 
the desire to do so. The old earth and old heaven shall pass away and those that 
think they're flat 2D characters on a page of some register somewhere get sent to 
the cutting room floor in flames. It's just like erasing an old hard-drive with 
movies you'll never watch again and then torching the drive altogether to make 
sure no boot legs escape. Spiritual concrete booties. So, really, in a nutshell again; 
if you think/claim to be you are a LEGAL NAME then you might as well pull out 
the Rambo knife and carve that on your forehead and hands because it'll sure 
save a lot of time looking through all those plastic you's/ewes in your purses and 
wallets because you were going to anyway because you THINK you're a legal 
name. Exit stage left to the guillotine room for those. | mean if you're really a 
Christian and all. Well, if you can't find the sense and will to cut the head off your 
paper doll, what makes you think you'll say yes to the next version/level?.....a 
little something to ponder, later, kate 


