Moses and the Riot Act, Act Won, Seein' Two by kate of kaea 


continued from an Atlantean Halloween Act Won, Seein' One to be 
followed by Act You, Seein’ One 


There seems to be some confusion as to certain definitions suddenly 
changing intensity, then somehow being reduced to an inconsequential 
polar opposite. Take the word "illegal" for example where many will confess 
to knowing exactly what that means yet, they're reality is based on a set of 
parameters laid out by someone else as to what they say is "legal" and 
"illegal" and making it appear to you as somehow being lawful at the same 
time. Interesting. But then again, their idea of what is truly lawful in the 
eyes of creation doesn't generally coincide with creation where apparently 
killing another is unlawful in any reality except this one, as long as it's all 
neat and tidy legal like. Or just call it a legal license to kill where creation 
didn't hand out any of those to anyone, you had to take that one upon 
yourself where there is only one law and one law only; Do unto others as 
you would accept done unto you. 


What most people lack on that one is a little patience where humanity has 
been trained since birth to be in an attack dog position. They teach the 
glory of war in school and sunday school and we wonder where the 
violence crept in? It's a weak fool that needs someone to tell them right 
from wrong, good from evil but that's a fool of the most dangerous kind. It's 
a sad testimony for any human to require a written set of rules to remind 
them about simple courtesy but then greed and programmed vengeance 
always seem to take the day. Then one day, one of us woke up. Imagine 
that. Many still can't even after hearing the truth. Some Whore-tones just 
can't hear squat let alone a Who while they still Think they're a Watt? A tiny 
little watt about to go out forever because if you think you're a legal what 
then by SOUND agreement, you're a dead legal watt, poof...the magic 
drag-gone. 


It would seem that most are colour of the law blind and have mistaken the 
legal world as the lawful one. In short, the fallen ones thought they'd take it 
upon themselves to underwrite their own version of the true law and call it 
legal long enough where, eventually, they'd be thought of as one and the 
same when nothing could be farther from the truth. They crossed your 
eyes and dot-dead your Te's kids and you might actually believe that legal 
and lawful were the same thing. There are the two separate worlds of 
lawful and unlawful only, no sub-titles and legal and illegal with sub-titles 
like common law (the former real unwritten law subverted to legal definition 


only i.e. another head fake and a darned good one too), UCC, UPU, USCC 
etc. but they're all just different names for the same smelly rose that came 
out of the same smelly pigs ass; it's legal only, nothing lawful about it. You 
get your best example of these two realities in my favourite books, namely 
Black's Law and the Bible where | use the bible more because more 
people have likely poked their noses in their once or twice. The only 
difference as to how | read the bible and the crew claiming it as their Holy 
religious tome, | didn't buy the hype where the truth was crystal clear BUT 
only if read from one particular point of view and ONE only to see through 
the veil blinding humanity. 


While that may sound like a rather bold and brash statement, it doesn't 
take away from the fact that it's a true statement. The only one claiming 
otherwise just isn't able to accept a truth quite so brash and bold to them 
just yet but it still won't change the outcome where truth is simply truth and 
only YOU can deny that, not truth. All one has to do is look for something 
that is legal sometimes and illegal other times and varies from legal you're- 
his-dicked-shun to legal sure-is-fiction and you'll eventually come across 
something that is unlawful anytime a Lot. So | like to use the very familiar 
to most people | know, ten commandments because they're a really darned 
good set of the short list that breaks the golden rule, ya know?....it really 
spells it out for ya but did ya really need it spelled out? Siriusly? Dog-gone 
mate, toe tags/tow tags/two-tags/to-owe tags? Catchin' on yet? I'm going 
to show you how to see the duality of this world where you think it's just 
one reality, physical in nature only where the true law was overwritten by 
millions of legal ticks and talks and made you believe THEY were the law, 
yeah...this is where Moses screwed up too. This is the story of the Owl and 
the Pussycat trying to have babies and they could only do it creating dead 
legal ones. You see, | have faith in only one thing and one thing only and 
that's truth itself and when | see someone putting their faith in man's idea 
of "law" or man's idea of "god" | know they're telling the same lies they 
were lead to believe and retell by the ones that serve the same master 
called man. This is Satan's world kiddies, the dark prinicipalities realm, and 
this is their promotional platform to see what side or cide you're on. Are 
you temp'd-dead and ice cold as you punch out some more ammo claiming 
innocence? 


Moses tried the same stunt and these so-called biblical heroes are the 
fallen zeroes and the ten commandments was "god" reading him the riot 
act in a toolshed outhouse meeting. You also have to remember that these 
are STORIES and CHARACTERS , not the Hollywood personalities these 
religious robed buffoons have made them into. When a character in a story 
is made out to be bigger than life when the character, real or not, is telling 


you to literally NOT do what the robed ones are telling you TO do, the 
robed ones take on the bigger than life illusion and voila!, humanity is your 
dog and pony to ride and screw at will. All they had to do was get you to 
follow Moses' law and that wasn't the ten commandments, those were the 
final reminder to him and all mankind. Start with stop killing shit first so 
you're calmed down and less likey to kill me when you find out you're an 
idol worshiper too and that makes you guilty by association with all other 
idol worshipers in the same hell bound boat. Yeah, that's a heavy one but it 
doesn't change the fact that it's Hell's ankh-whore around your neck until 
YOU take it off seeing as you were all gung ho about that free will choice 
thing. Well, this is your test to freely choose life or freely choose death 
because where life's concerned? We're not concerned about what 
happens to those that seek and promote death because they chose that 
freely where trespass against another's will defies the golden rule. Yeah, 
another big pill there and | only deal in silver pills, red and blues are for 
debaters. 


So just for fun, I'm going to use the KJV words to illustrate the legal faking 
lawful and hopefully you'll get that crazy awesome aha moment too and 
your eyes will begin to finally open Lazarus laws-r-us, legally duped to be 
lawfully raped via your own consent, ignorant or otherwise until you choose 
the what is real law, not what Is-Ra-El Legal paper mach-e' travelling at the 
speed of every sound you utter from youre udder, caste into spellings of an 
evil nature. 


Here it is verbatim: 


6 | am the LORD thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt, 
from the house of bondage. 


7 (1) Thou shalt have none other gods before me. 

8 (2) Thou shalt not make thee any graven image, or any likeness of any 
thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in 
the waters beneath the earth: 

9 (3 strikes, yer out) Thou shalt not bow down thyself unto them, nor serve 
them: for | the LORD thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the 
fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that 
hate me, 


10 And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love me and keep my 
commandments. 


11 (make that 4 wishes, yer out) Thou shalt not take the name of the LORD 


thy God in vain: for the LORD will not hold him guiltless that taketh his 
name in vain. 


12 Keep the sabbath day to sanctify it, as the LORD thy God hath 
commanded thee. 
13 Six days thou shalt labour, and do all thy work: 

14 But the seventh day is the sabbath of the LORD thy God: in it thou shalt 
not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, nor thy manservant, 
nor thy maidservant, nor thine ox, nor thine ass, nor any of thy cattle, nor 

thy stranger that is within thy gates; that thy manservant and thy 
maidservant may rest as well as thou. 

15 And remember that thou wast a servant in the land of Egypt, and that 
the LORD thy God brought thee out thence through a mighty hand and by 
a stretched out arm: therefore the LORD thy God commanded thee to 
keep the sabbath day. 


16 Honour thy father and thy mother, as the LORD thy God hath 
commanded thee; that thy days may be prolonged, and that it may go well 
with thee, in the land which the LORD thy God giveth thee. 


17 Thou shalt not kill. 
18 Neither shalt thou commit adultery. 
19 Neither shalt thou steal. 
20 Neither shalt thou bear false witness against thy neighbour. 

21 Neither shalt thou desire thy neighbour's wife, neither shalt thou covet 
thy neighbour's house, his field, or his manservant, or his maidservant, his 
ox, or his ass, or any thing that is thy neighbour's. 

22 These words the LORD spake unto all your assembly in the mount out 
of the midst of the fire, of the cloud, and of the thick darkness, with a great 
voice: and he added no more. And he wrote them in two tables of stone, 
and delivered them unto me. 


Now, | can go into excrutiating detail as to what the mainstream ideas are 
of a few of these regarding the common misinterpretations of missed 
interpretations, they simply stopped looking beyond the "go along crowd" 
walking blindly into all the walls that Jack-El built. The whole "sabbath" 
reference has nothing to do with "daze of the weak, pick your favourite 
weak daze" club, it is referencing the seven crowns, the seven horns ideals 
to achieve by destroying the seven deadly signs within you. The "sabbath" 
is the one pure quality each of you have that is your natural state and with 
that one pure quality, the other six vices are destroyed as long as you keep 
that robe white. This is the referencing of the stained robes, for all have 
signed and fallen short etc. where only you can make them white again. So 


as an easy to see example of how legal redefines the true law, one need 
not have to look deep at all, it's right on the surface but then there's that 
legal confused with lawful trick you're only now catching on to. Now that 
the legal/lawful confusion is visible, how do you make unlawful stealing 
lawful in such a way as to make it look legal AND lawful and still make 
stealing both illegal and unlawful at the same time? Easy, just ask 
someone if it's OK to steal their money in a "you're doing the right 
thing....or else" kinda way like giving mom and dad an offer their kid won't 
refuse because mom and dad are in the "go along gang" too where they 
just say "Sure! Sin me up! Look at all the treats!". This is where Jiminy is 
just shaking his head at the little would boy/child hightailing it into 
neverland with all the other lost boys (that's all your intention btw), 
Pinocchio was just one of the very few that got out, and the father was only 
involved in carving the would into a wouldn't boy but then Egypt-pedo was 
a system worshiper too and his little, what should have been a wouldn't 
boy, became a would buoy, lost on the see's and doin's but lucky for him, 
J.C. showed up in the Nicolaitian's thy-me and pissed on Satan's B.A.R.- 
raid. 


Getting back to the other version of this one story, Moses was obviously a 
little confused being of criminal mind to start with, bit of a wussy too, was 
right into the idea of taxes (stealing respelled), taking from another 
because you claim an authority delusion. In legal terms, unlawful in any 
reality, stealing is OK as long as you make it look like you're not really 
stealing but you are anyway psychotically trying to justify and rejustify what 
stealing, in any sense of the word is; stealing is a pretty clear concept to 
me, | don't need millions of "it's not stealing if you do it this way" legal "just 
because's" to get your worm out of that would because hey, look at 
that....ya did! and YOU can prove it, YOU were there. Yeah, | see you too 
now. Nifty huh? | mean hey, Moses got around that dirty old adultery rule 
with a Bill of Divorcement that apparently squeegies yer winkie's clean, 
inside and out. Ah......no. That would lead to dirty old maggots like you to 
bed the youngest LEGALLY able to screw according to who's rules?... Your 
fucking rules?...God to Moses...As fucking if mate!, not in your wildest 
fantasies pig man. You've never been to a toolshed meeting before have 
you? 


Then there's the old "Thou shalt not kill" pain in Moses' ass for all those 
folks that get stoned on Satan's-dai knight where it's way more fun for the 
one's doing the stoning than the ones actually getting really stoned that 
night. And how would we get away with wholesale slaughter of other tribes 
without making killing all legal and fake lawful like and we'll call it 
war...whore?..wars....whorse....Horus?...Answer: E, all of the above and 


then some. As soon as you could make money legal with your first tiny 
paper contracts, you could paper souls to it and use all their lives up but 
then you forgot one thing. The golden rule effect en? You forget that part? 
It works EXACTLY like a mirror only in reverse when legal is the 3rd party 
interloper. It drives a literal wedge between you and real law and | don't 
recall anyone teaching the truth anywhere on this plain of existence, do 
you? So | got busy and so did a lot of other Jiminy Crickets. The only thing 
missing is where you put yourself, the "Te" (Source heart of YOU) and the 
"U", Te's intention acted upon/choice of good vs. evil, not legal vs. illegal, 
into the equation to see the difference between the would-in Toi (desire 
intent in yourself) and the wood-knot (puppet), would not (child), would 
knot (puppet), wood not (child)...the would-in-Te, would ent (mind) etc....it 
is also dependent on where you hang your positive trophies in the whirreds 
to stop Rumpelstiltskin from spinning anymore gold out of your mouth and 
mind and to tie him up in his own yarns and tales. Guess my name indeed 
and you can keep your child? You're a fucking nutter Rump-El-Sty-El-Te's- 
skin. Nowadaze, we call that registration. Allows you to play their Monopoly 
game using their legal paper treats and treat-ease with all of Moses' Peter 
Pan handlers and Wrinkle-bells, Crow-n-us and the Crow-ne, L'une-done 
and Roam, Looney Lleu-knee, Roe-m Row-me and these dogs are bat shit 
crazy, schizophrenic psychopaths. 


How about those first four on the top of the list, the ones all about idols, 
grave-in I'm-Ogs-se's (Satan's doll), bowing to other meatStyx based on a 
fa-shun statement, likenesses you have smeared all over the Levi (L put 
itself first jumping to the front of the lien and claimed to be the law) |.D.- 
dolls you serve. Just look for anything with a legal name on it and you're 
seeing the proof for yourself or should | be talking to the photograph 
likeness you're insisting is you. Interesting, | thought you were holding up 
the piece of plastic but what you're saying is that the I.D. is holding you up 
instead and you're right; there's been a hold up all right, and it's your life 
source they're mining and they use paper treats and lotteries to keep you 
soft, they prefer your pink meat, your divine feminine source child within. 
Perhaps you should get your divine masculine child up front, your knight- 
Te to save your dame-sell. Satan's banking, literally, that you won't 
because somehow you've lost all faith in the system and now what do you 
do? Trust Moses? As if. Trust truth? Yeah, | picked truth because no matter 
how hard it was to face the cold hard truth some days, it had to be faced or 
ran from. 


| have to ask you though, how far away from you have you ran so far in 
this game or have you ran off to Hell forever? While you are trapped in the 
M/O-says Legal where those that fall low the Ab-Ra-Ham/Sirius Dog star 


war-shippers Ham-Burkha Durkhas G.E-Romans rue-El/road of Luciferian 
evil/physical lusts reality LEGAL, you join them in Hell, simple math. This is 
a Choice all living, sentient and aware souls kneed to and MUST make or 
you can always lean on all the wondrous things you've done to change all 
of humanity in your every day efforts of just thinking doing good for your 
immediate friends and family is apparently enough. Trouble is though, you 
left out 7.3 something billion others in your world of choice. My reality only 
welcomes those that serve life, not the death sentence LEGAL NAME 
dead book Styx pee-poles too greedy and intent on their own lusts to give 
more than a damn about anyone else. Yeah, not my kind of reality waiting 
for some liar to stab me in the back, I'm done looking over my shoulder 
where creation keeps the jet-some, flawed-sum-ari-yawns away from my 
shores. The spell "jet" is another word for black in the guise of let's say, 
The Jetson's, the Atlantean techno wizards, the black suns, dark stars. 


Moses and the rest of the re-rite law into legal was just another Atlantean 
using stolen technology and the battery pack stolen from the pyramid 
where the story was just told from a stoned age point of you, point of view. 
The arc of the Ko-vie-n-ent is literally the spark of life, the child infinite 
creation mind, the heart spark. The trouble with that arc though is it started 
to die the instant it was removed from it's cradle in the King's chamber. 
These are ANOGOGIC stories, to convey the truth only to those that seek 
truth where a demon mind is too busy caught up in the effects of the literal 
whirled they lust in. People forget that the first courts were held in the 
churches called Sin-Og-Gogs where the May-Gogs respelled the law into 
deathly legal hollow ear-Te-H's....the E/A (from dark made light within 
creation where the expression "it lights up your heart" illustrates this), the 
R, rho...roe...row, the breath/word is the egg of the unborn idea where the 
row is the intent action, thus rho, roe, row your Bow-as-Te's, bow only to 
your own heart, regardless of the mayhem the programmed mind injects 
delusions of fear S-fears in the wrong orbit where the orbit fractal of this 
world's eye is a 365.25 degree egg, not as fear at all, knot a sphere atoll, 
the elusive island of Brasil in the push me, pull ewe reality of all the 
docked-tores that do little and due a Lot. 


Are you starting to see the thread tree-end yet? The threa-D of the 3D tree- 
D Tree-Te of you. How many branches of your tree are tangled in the false 
2D reality of legal inked-alls, ink dolls, all the |.D.-dolls of the Tall-mud-I-C 

Clay-yans created with Ka-Ra-bone Cray-yaw-ns? They're easy to see, 
just look for any legal name that was bourne from the paper doll whore of 
Babyloan Psi-Te of Loan-Done, Lone-Due-n on any and every Before 
Christ/Beef-whore Cries-Te birth certificate. Check purses and wallets 
anywhere in this world and you'll see the mark of the beast and all the 


signs of man/psi-gnus...sine-use...sign-ewes...Sign use....Sin-you's...the 
sinews of the sin-Jews of the cygnus Black swan fallen angles, from Ari-e- 
s, the most high consciousness of the feminine heart/child soar-se' to Are- 
s, at war with creation herself within. The "father" and "mother" Moses was 
commanded to honour wasn't the programmed idea of mummy and daddy 
as inferred by these robed Satan monkeys hwere they have flipped the 
masculine and feminine definitions of these words to their polar opposites. 
The "fa-the-R" is the heart within source, the feminine core/couer of all 
creation, the "womb" where ALL ideas pour forth first where the "mother" is 
the MALE intent action of giving birth to those ideas through the M/O, the 
modus opera-undie or one-die standing in truth or lies. Mother is 
masculine, father is feminine which allows the expression the father 
(heart), the sun (light within heart) and the whole-E Ko-as-Te/Ko-host ( the 
child (life itself literally) as YOU are hosting it in physical form) to make a 
bit more sense and takes the religio-chosis chosen-knight-us mumbo 
jumbo bullshit out of it. 


The real insanity of this reality comes into view when you see how quickly 
anyone reacts to "it's illegal AND unlawful to use a legal name" as to how 
willing they are to accept this Law of Moses’ team fact. | mean really, 
Moses hands off the the law to a bunch of Levi warring genes tribal cult 
and expects them to follow the true law? This is what happens when you 
let a meatstick deter-mine true law using a broken ticker (heart, clock is 
based on the 365.25 degree egg) to deter-mine own existence; no, not a 
chance on that one kids. This is why these marked beasts can't touch me 
or anyone who has removed the false "laws' of Moses by writing it out on 
stone tablets as a COPY of the Emerald tablets of THOUGHT. The 
Emerald tav-Be-let (heaven loaning you life to see what you'll do with it) is 
written in the heart indelibly where THOTH is ruled by truth, Law-ve, the 
law of life, love conquers all where "god" (truth, creation itself) can only be 
erased and ignored by YOU. So you see, it truly is ALL about YOU in the 
truth sense where in Ab-Ra-Ham's legal knight-mare they mistook that as 
"all about me, and only me" egg-o e-go of OG-e pair-O-G/E where that 
"son" is "Set" and this M/O-vie Set is over. In contrast to moses mumblings 
as to what his interpretations of the ten commandments were, Romans 13 
shows the knewer test-am-meant to illustrate the "what wood ewe due?" 
with the child/life on loan while the traitors of the mark-ettes of the stalks 
and bonds suck your soul dry with your "legal moon-appelle-ye" LEGAL 
NAME consent form singed/sinned by mummy and dead-e. It means 
simply to honour your heart's wishes in all your actions where the "your 
Honours" of this world only have of-furs and of-hers, on-her and off-hers in 
the red brick rode of Moon-Che-in-lawned vs Mon-Chi-ken-law-n-Te. You 
have to be your own "lantern" here jacko where the lantern to follow is the 


law-in-turn law-n-Te-rho-n within; the law infinite in you with infinite breath, 

immortal. so you can choose between being a Legal in-turned self worship 

or a law-full in-turned to read your own Emerald Tav-Be-lets and walk it out 
from there. The heart is your Jiminy Cricket to the puppet-ear Pinocchio 

brain/mind/THOTH and you determine your reality by which or witch 
lawbook you're reading from; the laws of truth are written clearly in the 
heart unless that entity is now devoid of even that where their greed and 
lust has erased that from their mineds. 


Romans 13 (thirteen/thy-rho, roe, row-between, undivided) 


1 Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power 
but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God. 
2 Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God: 
and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation. 

3 For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then 
not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt have 
praise of the same: 

4 For he is the minister of God to thee for good. But if thou do that which is 
evil, be afraid; for he beareth not the sword in vain: for he is the minister of 
God, a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil. 

5 Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for 
conscience sake. 

6 For for this cause pay ye tribute also: for they are God's ministers, 
attending continually upon this very thing. 

7 Render therefore to all their dues: tribute to whom tribute is due; custom 
to whom custom; fear to whom fear; honour to whom honour. 


8 Owe no man any thing, but to love one another: for he that loveth 
another hath fulfilled the law. 

9 For this, Thou shalt not commit adultery, Thou shalt not kill, Thou shalt 
not steal, Thou shalt not bear false witness, Thou shalt not covet; and if 
there be any other commandment, it is briefly comprehended in this 
saying, namely, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. 

10 Love worketh no ill to his neighbour: therefore love is the fulfilling of the 
law. 


11 And that, knowing the time, that now it is high time to awake out of 
sleep: for now is our salvation nearer than when we believed. 
12 The night is far spent, the day is at hand: let us therefore cast off the 
works of darkness, and let us put on the armour of light. 
13 Let us walk honestly, as in the day; not in rioting and drunkenness, not 
in chambering and wantonness, not in strife and envying. 


14 But put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make not provision for the 
flesh, to fulfil the lusts thereof. 


It really does boil down to how many versions of you can you see and how 
many of them are your own creation or are they all based in someone 
else's idea of who and what you are? I've showed countless phonics clues 
to see through the veil but until you can see yourself, it's falling on mute 
eyes and ears equally because in the world of show and tell, people can't 
see with their ears and hear with their eys being divided into one living 
reality and one dead reality merged to see which one you'll choose. You 
have the illusion of life inasmuch as you have the reality of a "time limit" on 
a physical form; i.e. they die...remember? That's where your game is in a 
holding pattern until ALL have been tested. They teach the literal cruci- 
fiction as the cruci-fax(copy)-you-El, crews-"aye!"-facked-you-all, cruise- 
eye-fact-you-haul etc. where it is an ANOGOGIC allegory of "are you 
willing to surrender your life to serve truth, or surrender life itself serving 
the dead Legal Laws-R-us because you only care about your little pieces 
of ate while humanity starves for truth and suffers in ignorance because 
you're too busy serving self? Ask yourself the obvious question; "would you 
tolerate that?" with a resounding ego reflection of "screw you, I'd rather let 
another suffer to absolve me of my signs", thus, the savior program is 
bourne where folks don't realize, the grave is your holding point until 
everyone is tested in the test-dead game. That's the reference to those 
already in the graves as to being "risen" first seeing as they've wait-dead 
the longest to see THEIR choice of outcome through THEIR actions in life, 
protecting or destroying it and what they cost/caused everyone else 
everyone to suffer. 


Here's an example of that. When you tell a cop, judge, lawyer, common 
"man" that it's illegal to use a legal name and show them countless legal 
proofs that prove this to be a legal fact (papered over) and they continue 
on with their harms to you and all others, they are not only now aware that 
they're committing crimes LEGALLY, in their own whirreds, but more so, 
they are committing unlawful crimes against ALL of life in this juxtaposed 
dual-Eye-Te (two eyed split) world harvesting the psi-crops from the sign- 
clops with slits in their "ayes". They are the slit pupils playout of "reptillian 
eyes" vs "kate's ayes" here. The legal dead war-shippers are the "fissures 
of men" where truth taught you to be the fishers of men and to always cast 
your net to the right thing to do, not the RIGHT ACT/STATUTE to fall-low. 
You can always see demons protecting their greed using the sleepy 
hollows/haul-lows dead legal fiction types as they march off to the 
chambers of vengeance, houses of the un-whole-eye, because they have 
their eyes and ayes fixed on getting something physical. The plate they 


pass around in those churches is awefully expensive where they'll even 
send church ushers out to collect for attending their sear-moons where 
you're the whorse they mount and take you for a ride and YOU pick up ALL 
the B.A.R. Tav-Bees, stingers and awl. 


By now I'm hoping you can see between these two completely opposite 
world's of "legal RIGHTS" where they're lawful wrongs no matter how you 
spell it out; evil is evil, good is good and only your HEAR-Te can tell the 
difference and it'll be then easy to spot who is really evil and who is doing 
the right think vs. the RIGHT thing where their legal "things" are the 
shapeshifters that shapeshift YOU into any form/paper/document/I.D. they 
want because that's what YOU thing, not think you are. The Ruby-Con is 
the Ruby-IX Que-Be queen bee in the hive mined hex-a-Ko-n Que-Be, the 
last box that your Jack has to jump out of or stay with all the other un-eye- 
an eye's Jacko-lawn-turns get ploughed under like every other time in his 
story, with this one, the Knee-Be-rue is the last inky'n lilly scene in the 
M/O-vie of free will choice reality. you will choose either good or evil where 
J.C./Jiminy Cricket or J.C./Jew-lie-us Seize her! is your guy'd lien or Ka- 
aye'd lion. This reality is the last big test that mankind gets with all the most 
benevolent and the most malevolent of consciousness is sharing to simply 
allow for the free-yessed choice of all where all you have to say is know, to 
evil where evil flees from the true heart. So don't be thinking about how 
good or evil anyone else is in this world because that's obvious. It will just 
depend on whether or not you want to use the same lame excuses every 
other demonic heart uses to justify its own evil while it hopes you'll follow 
suit and off to Hell with them. Yeah, it would be better if a millstone was 
tied around your neck and tossed into the depths because if you choose 
door numb-er evil? You'll still be their slave but you won't have us to pull 
you out, we're already trying now and who's doing all the fussing? 


And here's the thing. | can write essay after essay that's just telling you the 
same story in as many ways as | know you can or can't relate to so | use 
all the stories since they're all telling you the same thing as well. Are you 

worthy of life eternal by protecting it or not. If you're in the Legal dead 
reality, you've already made yourself Christ-stall clear and you'd prefer 
hanging out with the Pedo-stalls in their I've-worry whore-e, war-re-er Two- 
we're's.....mental note on the past ten-se' there. You're already passed 
10's/X's living in Pa's tents Pa-tents and Tit-Els, pay-tents and vit-Els 
where it wasn't life that passed you Bi, you gave life the pass where you 
thought you could buy your way to heaven so don't get M.A.D. when life 
passes you Bi, because you're still somehow un-divine-dead as one- 
divide-dead, split into a fractal |.D.-entity. Heaven doesn't deal in copy 
kates where you'll have your own original version of how you walked and 


talked in truth too, not two |.D.yeahs of yourself. You'll never know who you 
are, truly who you are, while you continue to walk in the Shadow Fax 
whorse you THINK you are because there, you're a thing, not a think 
where I'm just Thinker-belle ringing your belle without a a-pair-a-bellum to 
force you. The legal enforcement officers use those, 9 mm (consciousness 
mini-me's) to show the true nature of their hearts and anyone who needs to 
threaten another into THEIR way of thinging their thongs are beyond 
doomed with a reminder that doomed is simply "judged" in and by their 
actions. They always follow the thoughts of intent that ALWAYS come first 
and that's the trouble with Tri-bulls here, they're pre-programmed to kill but 
now, they have to kill their own kind only, thus fellow legal namers club 
from prints to paw-per, robed to rob-hers, where NO man, demon or beast 
can hide now. The choice is yours and only yours so don't whine to me 
how tough you think it is, been there, done that, and speaking from the 
other side of the X-stream and I'm just the tranny fairy man offering you a 
ticket home. All you need are two silver coins over your eyes that show me 
you can see the truth and they have to be placed there BEFORE you jump 
in a grave because by then, you're a lost cause anyway, no causeway for 
you, only giants in truth can use that bridge, | just rebuilt mine is all and all 
are welcome to use it but only those that have removed their beastie mark 
first, no free loaders in heaven, they eventually shoot somebody with all 
that free loading time. To be continued?........ kate 


