Motu Proprio 


Before sunset, 3rd Kislev, 5774 when/where i am now; 
Fraud Gregorian Civil Date; 6 November 2013 


All words/whirreds in this document/dock-you-mind are of my intent only where 
assumption/presumption via Phoenician/phonetics/phonics law are invalid; 


Let it be known to all that i, Katherine Renee, Supreme Sovereign, Master and Commander of 
the FRAUDULENTLY DECEIVED by CROWN SWORN AGENTS/TEMPLE B.A.R. REGISTERED Ship 
WILFRED KEITH THOMPSON assumed/presumed "lost at sea" have/has forensically located my 
VESSEL at the PORT OF ENTRY located 65 Brougham Street, Belfast, Ulster, Ireland on 5 Tamuz, 
5724 Anno Mundi and, by virtue of my Mitochondrial DNA/Blood do hereby claim all salvage 
rights/rites to aforementioned VESSEL/vassal/after-berth/afterbirth as i am the soul heir and 
survivor of that vessel; 


Inasmuch as it was/is/might be assumed/presumed "lost at sea", it was not and was WILFULLY, 
with INTENT to deceive, hijacked via deception of my ship's creators where my DNA was 
taken/stolen via non-disclosure/deception of the true facts; ignorance cannot exist where fraud 
is knowingly/wilfully intended by another; 


Furthermore, all parties/wrongdoers are held fully liable/accountable for intentful actions 
already known AFTER THE FACT inasmuch as a crime committed by omission/commission cannot 
be undone and are GUILTY, in/of/by any/all actions of harm of HIGH TREASON against my self, 
toto genere, a supreme sovereign; 


Furthermore, any/all belongings REGISTERED to my flagship, WILFRED KEITH THOMPSON are my 
property inasmuch as this property is my lawful cargo in my manifest where 
AGENTS/PRIVATEERS of/for/by/in the CROWN CORPORATION/TEMPLE B.A.R. did wilfully and 
with INTENT committed acts of piracy upon me and my vessels; 


i hereby command the return of my property forthwith instantly where | claim all LEGAL NAME 
ships and the cargoes of the wrongdoers as prizes of justice for their crimes against me and 
humanity where i reserve the right/rite to ad-just my claim ab initio, ad infinitum as i see fit for 
any/all compensation via addendum issuance; 


Any/all wrongdoers herein named are commanded by my court to vacate and hereby forfeit 
any/all titles, properties, offices, et cetera, to my court forthwith and without delay nunc pro 
tunc inasmuch as all wrongdoers were given notice numerous times where they chose to 
continuously commit and did wilfully commit harm against me, my vessel and my lawful 
property by commission where omission of this truth is not possible; 


Furthermore, any/all records/documents containing the escutcheon of my vessel WILFRED KEITH 


THOMPSON are commanded to be given to me where a full and proper accounting will take 
place now and where all wrongdoers involved are brought to justice for their crimes of 
commission/omission here and now in their toto genere and by joinder of any/all given 

application/s in their full living, spiritual forms; 


Elizabeth Windsor acting as QUEEN ELIZABETH II aka Elizabeth Mary 

Windsor/Guelph/Mountbatten/Hanover, Paul Jenkins acting as SIR PAUL JENKINS, CORPORATION 
SOLE, BANK OF ENGLAND, Barak Hussein Obama acting as BARAK HUSSEIN OBAMA, PRESIDENT 

OF THE CORPORATION OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, Karen Farbridge acting as MAYOR 
OF THE CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF GUELPH, any/all members of the B.A.R./MIDDLE TEMPLE 
B.A.R./L.L.C., any/all members of GUELPH POLICE SERVICES, THE CORPORATION OF THE CITY OF 
GUELPH, ANY/ALL CITIZENS/MAYORS/LORD MAYORS OF THE CITY OF LONDON, STATE, VATICAN 

CITY, STATE, WASHINGTON, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, STATE et cetera, et al; 


under my divine supreme sovereign seal/SEAL/se-all, Katherine Renee; 


[Introduction: communiqué of the Holy See Press Office] 


1. Today His Holiness Pope Francis has issued a Motu proprio on criminal law 
matters. 


On this same date, the Pontifical Commission for Vatican City State has 
adopted the following laws: 


- Law No. VIII containing Supplementary Norms on Criminal Law Matters; 


- Law No. IX containing Amendments to the Criminal Code and the Criminal 
Procedure Code; 


- Law No. X containing General Provisions on Administrative Sanctions. 


2. The Motu proprio makes the criminal laws adopted by the Pontifical 
Commission for Vatican City State applicable also within the Holy See. 


3. The criminal laws adopted today are a continuation of the efforts to 
update Vatican City State's legal system, building upon the measures adopted 
since 2010 during the pontificate of Benedict XVI. 


4. These laws, however, have a broader scope, since they incorporate into 
the Vatican legal system the provisions of numerous international 
conventions including: the four Geneva Conventions of 1949, on the conduct 
of war and war crimes; the 1965 Convention on the elimination of all forms 
of racial discrimination; the 1984 Convention against torture and other 
cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, the 1989 Convention on 
the rights of the child and its optional protocols of 2000. 


5. Of particular note in this context is the introduction of the crime of 
torture and a broader definition of the category of crimes against minors 
(including: the sale of children, child prostitution, the recruitment of 
children, sexual violence and sexual acts with children, and the production 
and possession of child pornography). 


6. A section of the legislation introduces a list of crimes against 
humanity, in particular, the crimes of genocide and apartheid, following 
broadly the definitions adopted in the 1998 Statute of the International 

Criminal Court. The section of the Criminal Code regarding offences 


committed in the exercise of public administration has also been revised in 
light of the 2003 United Nations Convention against corruption. With regard 
to penalties, that of life imprisonment has been abolished and it has been 
replaced with a maximum penalty of 30 to 35 years of imprisonment. 


7. In line with the most recent developments at the international level, the 
new legislation also introduces a system of penalties for juridical persons 
who profit from the criminal activities of their constituent bodies or 
personnel, establishing their direct liability and providing as penalties a 
set of interdictions and pecuniary sanctions. 


8. In the area of criminal procedure, the general principles of presumption 
of innocence and due process within a reasonable time have been recognized 
explicitly, while the power of the judicial authorities to adopt 
precautionary measures has been increased by bringing up to date the 
provisions for confiscation and the freezing of assets. 


9. Also of importance is the modernization of the rather dated norms 
governing international judicial cooperation, with the adoption of measures 
in line with the standards of the most recent international conventions. 


10. The law on administrative sanctions is of a general nature so as to 
serve as a common framework that provides for the possibility of sanctions 
in different areas intended to promote respect for the norms, to render them 
effective and to protect the public interests. 


11. As a whole, these normative efforts form part of broader process aimed 
at modernizing further the Vatican legal system with a view to enhancing its 
consistency and effectiveness. 


[Presentation of the motu proprio by the Secretary for Relations with States 
Abp. Dominique Mamberti] 


The laws approved by the Pontifical Commission for Vatican City State bring 
about a broad-ranging normative change, necessary for the function that this 


State, entirely 


sui generis, is called upon to carry out for the benefit of the Apostolic 


See. The original and foundational aim of the Vatican, which consists of 
guaranteeing the freedom of the exercise of the Petrine ministry, indeed 
requires an institutional structure that, the limited dimensions of the 
territory notwithstanding, assumes a complexity in some respects similar to 
that of contemporary States. 


Established by the Lateran Pacts of 1929, the State adopted the judicial, 
civil and penal structures of the Kingdom of Italy in their entirety, in the 
conviction that this would be sufficient to regulate the legal relationships 
within a State whose reason for existence lies in the support of the 
spiritual mission of Peter's Successor. The original penal system - 
constituted by the Italian Penal Code on 30 June 1889 and the Italian Penal 
Code of 27 February 1913, in force from 7 June 1929 - has seen only marginal 
modifications and even the new law on sources of law (No. 71 of 1 October 
2008) confirms the criminal legislation of 1929, while awaiting an overall 
redefinition of the discipline. 


The most recently approved laws, while not constituting a radical reform of 
the penal system, revise some aspects and complete it in other areas, 
satisfying a number of requirements. On the one hand, these laws take up and 
develop the theme of the evolution of the Vatican judicial structure, 
continuing the action undertaken by Pope Benedict XVI in 2010 to prevent and 
combat money-laundering and the financing of terrorism. In this regard, the 
provisions contained in the 2000 United Nations Convention Against 
Transnational Organised Crime, the 1988 United Nations Convention Against 
Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, and the 1999 
International Convention for the Suppression of Financing of Terrorism, are 
to be implemented, along with other conventions defining and specifying 
terrorist activity. 


The new laws also introduce other forms of crime indicated in various 
international conventions already ratified by the Holy See in international 
contexts and which will now be implemented in domestic law. Among these 
conventions, the following are worthy of mention: the 1984 Convention 
Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or 
Punishment, the 1965 International Convention on the Elimination of All 
Forms of Racial Discrimination, the 1989 International Convention on the 
Rights of the Child and the 2000 Optional Protocols, the 1949 Geneva 
Conventions on War Crimes, etc. A separate section is dedicated to crimes 
against humanity, including genocide and other crimes defined by 


international common law, along the lines of the 1998 Rome Statute of the 
International Criminal Court. From a substantial point of view, finally, 
further items of note are the revision of crimes against the public 
administration, in line with the provisions included in the 2003 United 
Nations Convention Against Corruption, as well as the abolition of the life 
sentence, to be substituted by a maximum custodial sentence of 30 to 35 
years. 


While many of the specific criminal offences included in these laws are 
undeniably new, it would however be incorrect to assume that the forms of 
conduct thereby sanctioned were previously licit. These were indeed 
punished, but as broader, more generic forms of criminal activity. The 
introduction of the new regulations is useful to define the specific cases 
with greater certainty and precision and to thus satisfy the international 
parameters, calibrating the sanctions to the specific gravity of the case. 


Some of the new categories of criminal activity introduced (for instance, 
crimes against the security of air or maritime navigation or against the 
security of airports or fixed platforms) may appear excessive considering 
the geographic characteristics of Vatican City State. However, such 
regulations have on the one hand the function of ensuring respect for 
international anti-terrorism parameters, and on the other, they are 
necessary to ensure compatibility with the condition of so-called "dual 
criminality", to enable the extradition of persons charged or convicted of 
crimes committed abroad should they seek refuge in Vatican City State. 


Special emphasis is given to the discipline of "civil responsibility of 
juridical persons derived from a criminal violation" (arts. 46-51 of the law 
containing complementary regulations on criminal matters), introducing 
sanctions for juridical persons involved in criminal activities as defined 
by the current international legal framework. To this end an attempt has 
been made to reconcile the traditionally cautious approach observable also 
in the canonical order, according to which "societas puniri non potest" with 
the need, ever more evident in the international context, to establish 
adequate and deterrent penalties also against juridical persons who profit 
from crime. The solution adopted was therefore that of establishing 
administrative responsibility of juridical persons, obviously when it is 
possible to demonstrate that a crime was committed in the interests of or to 
the advantage of that same juridical person. 


Significant modifications are introduced also in terms of procedure. These 
include: updates in the discipline of requisition, strengthened by measures 
regarding the preventative freezing of assets; an explicit statement of the 
principles of fair trial within a reasonable time limit and with the 
presumption of innocence; the reformulation of regulations regarding 
international judicial cooperation with the adoption of the measures 
established by the most recent international conventions. 


From a technical and regulatory point of view, the plurality of sources 
available to experts was organised by means of their combination in a 
harmonious and coherent body of legislation which, in the frameworks of the 
Church's magisterium and the juridical-canonical tradition, the principal 
source of Vatican law (Art. 1, Para. 1, Law No. 71 on the sources of law, 1 
October 2008) takes into account simultaneously the norms established by 
international conventions and the Italian juridical tradition, reference to 
which has always been made by the Vatican legal order. 


In order to better order a legislative work with such broad-ranging content, 
it has been drafted as two distinct laws. One brings together all the 
legislation consisting of modifications to the penal code and the code of 
criminal procedure; the other will instead consist of legislation of a 
nature which does not permit a homogeneous section within the code structure 
and is therefore gathered in form of a later or complementary penal code. 


Finally, the penal reform hitherto presented is completed with the adoption 
by the Holy Father Francis of a specific Motu proprio, also bearing 
yesterday's date, which extends the reach of the legislation contained in 
these criminal laws to the members, officials and employees of the various 
bodies of the Roman Curia, connected Institutions, bodies subordinate to the 
Holy See and canonical juridical persons, as well as pontifical legates and 
diplomatic staff of the Holy See. This extension has the aim of making the 
crimes included in these laws indictable by the judicial organs of Vatican 
City State even when committed outside the borders of the state. 


Among the laws adopted yesterday by the Pontifical Commission for Vatican 
City State there is also the law consisting of general legislation on the 
subject of administrative sanctions. This law had already been proposed in 
Art. 7, Paragraph 4 of Law 71 on the sources of law of 1 October 2008, and 
establishes the general principles and regulation of the application of 
administrative sanctions. 


For some time there has long been an awareness of the expedience of an 
intermediate tertium genus between penal and civil offences, also in 
relation to the growing relevance of administrative offences. As a 
discipline of principle, the provisions of such a law would be used whenever 
another law establishes the imposition of administrative penalties for a 
breach of law, no doubt to specify the procedure for their application to 
the competent authority and the order of other minor effects. 


One of the cornerstones of the system introduced by this law is constituted 
by the so-called rule of law, as a result of which administrative sanctions 
may be imposed only in cases defined by law. The procedure for 
implementation is divided into a phase of investigation and challenge of the 
infringement by the competent offices, and a second phase of imposition of 
the sanction, which will fall within the competences of the President of the 
Governorate. Finally, there will be the right to appeal heard by a single 
judge except in more cases of more severe penalties, for which the 
jurisdiction of the Court is established. 


To conclude this brief presentation, it may be observed that the laws 
indicated above are notable not only for their undeniable substantial and 
systematic relevance, but also because they represent a further significant 

step on the part of the Vatican legislator towards the refinement of its 
legal code, necessary to assume and promote the constructive and useful 
proposals of the international Community with a view to more intense 
international cooperation and a more effective pursuit of the common good. 


