Oil and Water Dressink by kate of kaia 


There will be wars and rumours of wars, such is the chant of the ego mind. The ego lives 
only in the physical where the lord its god is a jealous god. Its lord is the one of polarized 
judgment and constant conflict. It, the reptilian mind ego seeks solace in imprinting 
others of its kind and sucks greedily at the teats hanging from the imprints of others of 
its kind. It is the chattering Babylonian that seeks to express its conflict from within into 
the material world it creates in its own image having at its center the hex of "G" 
between consciousness "e/9" and creation "O". 


It is the mind that claims "I'm not jealous, I'm not materialistic" and utterances of the 
like all the while blaming others and justifying its position constantly. You cannot talk to 
one trapped in this circuit of circuits because they simply short out and explode even 
further. It is the screaming child in the toy store yet equal responsibility is shared with 
the parent for even bringing them to the store in the first place. They promise to be 
good children over and over again but you see the trend where the child is best left to 
have some quiet time to think about it. 


They are the ones that live in the physical waters of emotions, storming seas destroying 
their ships while they are caught up in the rigging of the game. Intertwining with the oils 
of spirit and intent, all of the chaos create-ink murky waters until these raging emotional 
monsters are tamed and destroyed. The tricky bit, and the one that is the hardest, is 
knowing this and then standing in the face of others who do not while they whip you 
with their own Kat-O-Nine tales, the very one they need to turn on themselves. It's as 
simple as never needing to say sorry and every time you do, that's the beast's fault, not 
the spirit. 


Shake up water and a dark oil long enough and it becomes opaque, impossible to see 
through and this is the majority of mankind. The more one wants materialistically to 
induce a false joy, the more one needs to say I'm sorry. I just learned to listen to myself 
long enough to hear these echoes of self to remove the G (water) in ego and replace it 


with K (the spirit oil) becoming that eko. We are all well conditioned from birth to 
silence that echo into the polarized ego where conditions replace un-conditionality. 
Don't try telling an ego about that either unless your intent is to stir up the murky 
waters to be imprinted with the same virus in them that loves to infect others of its 
"misery loves company" kind or to expose this program for them without you, yourself 
being imprinted. 


That is the nature of a catalyst in that it creates the reaction while remaining fully 
unchanged and neutral in the process. Spiritual awakening clues are laid out so clearly in 
the physical realms though most miss them because they are in the literal physical 
interpretations of them. This is a game of energies interacting creating physical things 
where most see that only in a mirror of illusion and distraction. This ego thing is so easy 
to spot where all one has to do is realize when they are RE-ACTING( playing out the 
same role) to anything be it through words, situations or circumstance from EMOTIONS. 
If you get that last sentence, you're well on your way. Just notice some of the reactions 
you may have hearing or reading this and there are your MIRROS and clues/clous/cles, 
your nails or your keys to open your doors or nail you back to the same cross I'm trying 
to pull you down from. 


It's funny how the Roman Catholic Church spends so much time and effort placing the 
crucified eye doll up on a pedestal so is it any wonder why the world is the mess it is? 
Again, do not get polarized on this either by ranting about the church, the government 
etc. because they are all our creations equally, set in place to play this game; been there 
done that, insanity. Once you see them for the mirrors they are, then you'll be Abel to 
ba'al-lance it. So much of the mystery and blindness gets removed once you start truly 
seeing what is contained in the spellings and whirreds. Take for example "lancing a boil" 
and make a few "alter-A-shuns" by flipping out the hex/G with the spirit/K and using 
sound as your guide, no spellbinding. Lancing becomes lance-ink. 


Now, letter by letter and sound by sound expand it. La makes a "law" sound as well as 
"lah" and others. N is a conjunctive possessive which means anything it is connected to 
says "mine". C is the note of love 528htz and is the open "O" or unconditional allowing 


all things in and out equally. The "i" is the upside down spirit of ! which you may know as 


an X-claim-A-shun mark/horse from Welsh, sounded as "whores" as well. The last letter 
being spirit allows me to read a sentence (many) out of that word but it is now what MY 
intention says in that sound versus another's imprinted definition. Literally, lance means 
to stab something or a spear a knight/knikht/nicked might carry if one is spellbound 
fully. Here's the hidden meaning | use for the same sound; The law that is mine in 
unconditional love in consciousness, as below, so above in my spirit or law-n-!-n-K. 


| always thought it odd as a child that the letters could be used to spell the letters out 
and | saw that as the same as using a word you were defining in its definition of itself. A 
little insane if you ask me so | learned to look a little deeper. The best part about this 
phonics revolution is that the ego loves to play its little intellectual games so they're 
peas in a pod. Only when one removes emotion from all equations will one truly see this 
and then begin to see the connectedness of all things. The ego is constantly asking 
questions outside of itself due to its fear of being found and made responsible for its 
actions. It will use any and all justifiers to achieve this aim and continue on its circular 
merry-go-round. Simply put, the ego is hell and you, the real you, are heaven. 


The ego is the demon, the of me that needs to be exorcised, not exercised but many 
have quite the inner junkle-gym/my-G, hex of intent(L) of spirit knew in the mirror; 
literally. For me, this game is about returning the power of intentions to myself and 

others and the only way I've found to do this is by literally re-versing the negative 
intentions in ALL words and all languages as a result of the symbiotic nature of sounds 
being attached to letters. The mother of creation is silent magnetic, her creation is 
sound that forms all things including light, just a higher frequency is all. 


These truths are so utterly blatant once you begin to see the majic of this connectedness 
in sound by de-coatink the spellings where coincidence ceases to exist. Coincidence has 
three words that come to mind immediately but then | spend the time to slow down 
during show and tell, patiently waiting for the other children to share their glee without 
being impatient about trying to show off my toy as better. Coin, side, dense....Coin, cide, 
ents are the immediate toys to play with so let's play and see what we can build with 


these let-go blocks shall we? 


Coin, something you can use to barter with, has 3 sides with a R-I'm, a heed and a tale of 
the dragon. Please note, | use ALL sound rules as they appear in all variations of all 
letters in all languages and using these rules, | break all rules accordingly. Do not be 

sonically fooled by MY spellings, mine are deliberate/of-liberate in order to set you free 

of this spellbinding we're all in. 


Side, simply a choice as to a position of positive, negative or neutral in the same way as 
a coin has three of them, so do you. Cide, as a suffix sounds identical yet means "to kill" 
as in geno-cide etc. though when these sounds are uttered without knowing this, what 
are you really creating in the "every sound-wish granted" in the formerly silent magnetic 
field? Sound creates all of our reality where the intentions hidden by another have us 
creating their realities in our ignorance of this truth. Witch cide are ewe on? 


Dense, very compacted, heavy, no room to vibrate, no space to create. 


Ents is a suffix for "mind or spirit" where emotions create den-sity and des-tiny and is 
the creation field of your intent. Unfortunately, your intent has been owned by another 
and emotions are the tools used to make people tools of their creations. 


Co- is a prefix meaning duality or together and creates a paired/pared intent when 
attached/attacked to another word. Remember, | use ALL available SOUNDS contained in 
the letters where "ch" can also make a "K" sound but you have to slow down your 
monkey mind chatter which is all EGO, trying to figure stuff out analytically. It is the most 
powerful tool in the physical once you can contain the emotional re-actions versus 
emotional choices. "In" can be defined as "part of" and the "!-mine" You should try 
flipping your keyboard upside down to see what you can see, quite Fa-psi-n-8-ink. 


In a literal sentence or two "coincidence" takes on many in-ten-tions/in-|O-shuns where 
one is torn in duality on the heed or the tale of their own drag-on where their spirit 
breath "rho" of the | am (rim) is still spinning in the constant ego coin tosses. I'm hoping 
by now you're beginning to see the majic of this and how we are all spellbound due to 
emotions/e-mote-shuns or 9-mote-IOns. | have covered these things in countless shows 
and ritings so if your intention is to be spiritually free, you will take the time to read and 
listen. | am long wearied by the emotional types that feel the need to insist that | am 
lying to them where perhaps they need to also put everything on the line to stand in 
truth. An ego will never accept an answer as true because it has already formulated its 
own excuses and justifiers where it simply cannot hear truth since all they've been used 
to all their lives are lies from a broken mirror of this material world. 


As a personal example to illustrate this point. | was asked the other day fro someone ina 
pure emotional ego program if | missed my kids or not. Well, one, that is simply a 
retarded question given that it was for my children and loved ones closest to me that | 
set out on this path that encompassed all humanity. Contained within the question itself 
is an assumption created that somehow | did not but then that is simply judgment from 
a polarized dragon. Regardless of how | will answer any questions/Cue-stuns/Q- 
stuns/Que-stuns, an assumption/presumption that is and was already there. The master 
asks questions from within and makes statements without where the slave asks 
questions outside/out-side for another master's statement taken within. Again, sheer 
insanity. 


If one is in a state of knowing, where is the need to ask anyone else questions other than 
to see where they are on this scale of master to slave and slave to master? you might 
want to question why within as to why the Rosicrucian’s/Red-cross/emotional 
cross/Maltese cross etc. copyrighted the "?" cymbal. Nice hook of the dot once you flip 
it over. | put my infinity on the line as far as standing in truth so | will give anyone and 
everyone the make-eye-strait/magistrate answer. As | said earlier, Take the G/hex out of 
whirreds and put your spirit back in to SEE the make-I-see/ma-k-ic vs. ma-g-ic for 
yourselves. 


For someone to ask a question of the nature regarding those i love shows the mirror of 


what the one asking the question as separate from love. |, and only |, know my 
intentions where others can only accept, assume or presume where most are making an 
ASS-U-M/E or an as-is intention of magnetic electric that | simply call an ego imprint 
infecting them as imprinted by another of its program ilk. The measure of your difficulty 
accepting this is just a measure of your own ego imprints going schizoid, multiple 
personality insanity. By now, you may have an idea as to how nearly impossible it is to 
break through this monster within but | assure you, | will do anything in any way I can to 


expose it for you at infinite personal cost. 


This is the allegory of the cruci-fiction. When one reaches any level of christ 
consciousness, one is willing to be crucified by the very mobs they love unconditionally 
where the emotional ego can ALWAYS justify spiritual murder. Maybe it's time for many 

to remove the spin cycle from their laundry and simply soak in the waters of truth in the 
dark chamber tub within removing external blamings of others assuming that everyone 
is somehow a liar first and telling the truth second. If you can see your hand the same 
way as Starlinks flying in a "marmuring" unity, then and only then will you begin to see 
this reality as pure Anu-arc-key or the heart lite key versus energy/ener-G/an ear 
hex/inner hex finally and get some of your create-ion powers back. 


Mother nature knows when her children are ready and those still fighting, still jealous, 
still angry etc. are creationally mute-dead being the mutants/ Mute-ants/ mute-ents 
that they are and will suffer the continual mirrors of their own mindless creations of the 
same anger, jealousy, fear, fist phi-tes and so on. And you wonder why you have conflicts 
in your lives? Are you willing to open yourself up enough to be attacked by those you 
love, to do whatever it takes to shock their Ra's into view? Can you handle the rumours 
and rumour mongerers created from cross pollinations of other egos going circular in a 
literal world that only see and live in the physical? There is nothing so painful as that but 
the reward is a mirrored bliss if but one shall awaken to this singularity where the truth 
does set you free. 


| get to spend inordinate amounts of time transmuting this energy as it appears as hate, 
blame and all manner of filthy emotionals but ! know that ! can handle it and be 
grateful/krate-full knowing the pure creational power it grants as a result. The 
imprintings of doubt are abating in rapid fashion as a result of this as well. Doubt, the 
creation of the Pisces/duality of "I believe" or "I don't believe" is visible. It would be a 
good idea to review my essay on "Phoenician Starter Kit" at 
http://kateofgaia.wordpress.com and I'd hazard to say to read all of it if you have any 
intention of waking up. Mother nature is not happy with most of her children due to 
their warring ways and her Pa-t-ents/pay-shuns is worn out and coming to fruition at the 
same time. The claw-k is run out and the tic-talk of babble-on-ions is crucifying her 
standing in truth kids. Perhaps those that missed the abundance | brought and bring 
them due to their greed and ego that still tries to equate things like money to spirit 
might miss it when it is no longer there. 


Then again, perhaps not and then will create all manner of nonsense degrading, berating 
and ultimately stab me in the spiritual back as they always do. No worries, because | will 
continue until that "if but one shall awaken" finally awakens to end this nightmare. As an 
example of ego vs spirit, the majority will see that as an arrogant statement of holier 
than thou where the spirit sees unconditional love of thou are holy but not quite seeing 
it yet. To put into words the countless crucifictions | have endured and continue to 
observe is as simple as the statement "fist fight, hold the light or carry out the dead" or 
the allegory of the christ mind between the double crosses of the ego/thieves on either 
side. If you want to hold the light, you're going to be crucified only that your intention 
de-sides your fa-Te/fa/T-9 or the heart root note (fa) in the law of truth in consciousness. 


No, have at'er kids and grab your nail guns because every nail you put in each other is a 
nail you crucify yourself with. Every nail you try and put in me passes through me on its 
return trip to you. | am a kat-L-ist after all. A kate-all-eyes-T but then it's all about how 
you pre-now-n-se' it and what intentions are in that sound as spelled due to your 
spellbinding. Once you neutralise the energy in a whirred, you'll be creating a whole new 
whirled instead of the same old hole-in-you-whirled creating your external master's 
plan-it. Me, | got in the stillness to allow the oil of spirit to rise and sit above the waters 
of emotional ego, resting atop and never touching each other while the masses keep it 
swirling around them creating murky cesspools of their reality. 


So, please, keep missing the for-est for the trees (the true cross) and see only the 
negatives as your ego allows. See the broken axe but not the firewood chopped by 
another to heat you. See only the greed of "look what | did for you" while missing the 
infinite blessings bestowed on you where my mere presence raised the temperature in 
your house and where | was only occupying a space you couldn't use while you were 
occupying another space anyway. If one can see abundance instead of ego greed gimmie 
gimmie servitude of material possessions be it organic or inorganic, you'll begin finally to 
see the light of you instead of the emotional mirror reflection of ego in the same way 
the moon (emotions) reflects the sun's (spirit's) light then you can pierce/per-se' the veil 
to cross the vale. The enemy your ego tries to make of me is the mirror of self one needs 
to see. 


The spirit of ultimate beauty within you will never fully hear this until the demonic 
possession of your ego program is silenced once and for all. You will no longer be afraid 
to come to me first where the normal program of misery loves company back stabbing 

and rumour mongering imprinting other egos while they imprint yours. Your only 
creating storms in your oil and water where your anger is your ankh-aura and will keep 
your true ship/mind from ever setting sail or ever leaving the pier pressure of port/Cain 
mind left field. | am the spiritual whore of Babylon/BB law mine where humanity as a 
whole are the blinded physical whores serving only the physical masters where all their 
golden mean spirit of creation is culled and harvested. So don't hesitate to defend yours- 
elf because it is telling you EXACTLY what you need/kneed. Hell, | gave you the phi-she- 
ink rod where you are used to getting phish and you love to hate me for it. Go ahead 
because your shit flies through me like my camel slides through the needle where yours 
is too packed to phi-T. 


No, | have nothing to talk about anymore with anyone stuck in this circular trap so 
clearly exposed because their egos own them and they are consumed by their own 
darkness folding in on itself in an infinite downward spiral deafened/defend until they 
are finally deaf-end by the lights of truth. | see the end creations of my intent first and 
walk accordingly where everything | do has a reason for positive outcome and only those 
that are polarized see the negative based on vile programs running. Maybe the better 
question to ask is "do you miss my children" where | will always answer you, yes, | do 


because | know they are me and I'm only walking this road to bring all children home. 
Unfortunately and fortunately, not all will make it on this round but then that's natural 
order where only the phi-test passed will serve I've/I truth | have. Fools to the left of 
M/E, jokers to the right, stuck in the mid-El with U, exactly where | choose to be....My 
intent is pure evil in the mirror, live. Every cut of a thousand cuts is received in gratitude 
and unconditional love and the blunter your blade the better because the true sword 
pulled from the stone cuts to shreds every time you try. Let me make a suggestion. That 
rock of peter you’re walking around with that has the sword of King Arthur in it? Put the 
rock down and see if you have the strength to pull it out. This sword | carry now is wait- 
less, just like heart that wields it. Paper, Rock, Psi-sores? This sword de-feets them all 
and leaves them without a piscean lag to stand on or a po-te to piscean in..... 


Now...be a good little ego and run away! Like in the Holy Grail scene, this is one Ka-se’-El 
Key-rho your ego can’t scale because you’re still wearing the scales of the reptilian brain 
war mind instead of the scales of just-isis. It’s just a coincidence that the letters e anda 
are in the 1 and 5 spot in our alphabet right? A and E are yin and yang in the mirror, long 
ago shown as such. Punch 1515/5151 into your calculators and then turn it upside down 
and backwards....now you see the world as | do and your ego program will fight you 
every step of the way....a whirled full of pots calling pans black asses...enjoy your mare- 
EGO-rho-und, it only costs you immortality... mwahs and love, ka-Te. 


