How | Deal With All Things "LEGAL" by kate of gaia 


Many people have asked me the same question in countless ways as it pertains to them. I'm going to 
share an overview as to what | do, how | see things and why. The first thing | always ask people to do is 
to simply BREATHE and contemplate (without template, make it yours) their situation in regards to the 

simplicities I'm sharing that apply to ALL things LEGAL AND FICTIONAL. One has to become aware of 

things that, at first glance, are backwards to how they've been living their lives up to their own 

"awakening" point. You CANNOT fix new problems with old ideas; fact. | also want to share a few facts 

that people are not aware of and how we’ve been commandeered into slavery. 


In the simplest of terms, the NAME is not YOU, it is the NAME of the VESSEL you arrived on earth in. The 
placenta or AFTERBERTH is the VESSEL and the REGISTRATION is the registering of your SHIP, which, 
etymologically is your “mind”....the ship that we arrive in where YOU are the passenger/manifest 
cargo/captain...the ship is abandoned at berth....we must reclaim our helm, to regain our captaincy.....in 
order to find our way out, we have to reclaim our vessel or barque of Ra 


Inasmuch as my vessel that | arrived in was DEEMED lost at sea (admiralty/Phoenician) with no accurate 
forensic evidence within a correct time or space it must now be REDEEMED/REDEMPTION...My 
Mitochondrial DNA from my mother is the only evidence linking me to that berthing where | was that 
manifest cargo... was born in a house that no longer exists but the evidence of that BERTH PORT/PORT 
OF ENTRY is on and for the public record in the BERTH CERTIFICATE...the owners/SHIPBUILDERS of that 
VESSEL/VASSAL are now deceased where | am the SOLE HEIR/SOUL AIR to that ship/vessel and must 
make my claim in the correct time and space....| am the SOLE/SOUL survivor of that vessel where | am 
considered an orphan lost at sea VIA SHIPWRECK...the Mayans left behind a celestial calendar for 
verification evidenced in the heavens to locate the space and time in the same way that the ancient 
mariners/Phoenicians used the stars to steer their ships/vessels...in essence, we have been 
shanghaied....slavery.....fraud....piracy...etc.... 


The SHIP is DEEMED to be the PLACENTA and our LEGAL NAME is the name of our ship/vessel, not of 
ourselves so we must claim the NAME of the ship as our rightful property to regain title to that 
ship/vessel/mind...the name is the escutcheon on the back of our ships in the same way that the 
ESCUTCHEON is the covering over the KEYHOLE/QUAY-WHOLE/X-WHOLE OR KEY WHO-EL. As a point of 
reference, I, Katherine Renee arrived here on board the ship/placenta “WILFRED KEITH THOMPSON” at 


the quay of 65 Brougham Street, Belfast, Ireland before sunset on the 5th of Tammuz, 5724 where the 


GREGORIAN CALENDAR DATE of June 15th, 1964 has me appearing and assumed DEAD for 3760 years. 
Any and all things REGISTERED in that ships NAME is DEEMED to be cargo of that SHIP and because we 
have not claimed our ships where they have been pirated and shanghaied, all our energy and creation is 
stolen. Claim the ship’s NAME, end the game, period. Our DNA is STOLEN via deception and non- 
disclosure of the true facts and is a clear fraud upon humanity by any/all that engage in this piracy and 
who have sworn oaths/pledges etc. to that effect. The Kol Nidre oath is worthless in that the body of the 
oath negates the oath itself in its’ own mirror. I am taking back my ship as the one true and only MASTER 
AND COMMANDER, owner by virtue of my Mitochondrial DNA where no other can LAWFULLY CLAIM 


that status where my BLOOD is my proof positive of that supreme sovereign position. 


People have to see the difference between the living world of common or natural law and dead by 
consent, corporate fiction legal illusion. One has to see the duality of the courts in both roles they play 
where COMMERCE / ADMIRALTY is the default position in order to "milk the bonds" of the unsuspecting 
and why REAL crimes and STATUTE TAXATION can be dealt with in "their" courts. You also have to see 
that STATUTES are NOT LAWS, they are LEGAL BY-LAWS/STATUTES and are ONLY applicable to the LEGAL 
NAME SURETY/SHIP’S NAME that is gained through the willful consenting of everyone who uses 
GOVERNMENT IDENTIFICATION of any kind where it CAN AND WILL be joindered/joined to the BIRTH 
CERTIFICATE where people unknowingly commit fraud by claiming to be THE LEGAL NAME versus their 
own living one; there is a HUGE difference, subtle but REAL...... 


| will show you why any and all use of a LEGAL NAME is assumed and presumed completely by the courts 
to make you instantly guilty and in THEIR juris-fiction by consent where your ignorance is not and never 
will be a defense. From here, | will set the stage and the actors upon it. All lawyers and judges play for 
the same team as MEMBERS OF THE B.A.R. and they get NON-B.A.R. MEMBERS to do their dirty work, in 
short, they get us to destroy ourselves by getting people to swear oaths to their CORPORATE CROWN 
FICTIONS and, in effect, sell their souls to the "whore of Babylon" COMMERCE GOD. As a result, all BAR 
members are "citizens" of the CITY OF LONDON, STATE/ ADMIRALTY "SHIP"/MIND and are foreign 
AGENTS anywhere outside of that Square Mile country. If you use THEIR legal name (it's their 
copyrighted property) you are agreeing fully that THEY are the captain of YOUR ship. Ship, like "hood" or 
"cy" translates into the word "MIND", like ment from Latin. In short, they are pirates on the high seas 
where the BENCH MARKS/SURVEYS have the planet allegorically under about 2 feet of water. 


So let me make this crystal clear and you really need to GET this; if you use THEIR LEGAL NAME, you are 
agreeing to sign on and serve on THEIR ship as crew where the CAPTAIN is MASTER and YOU are a slave 
on their Row-man Galley; FACT. However, this is a ship you can leave because you have been fraudulently 
"shanghaied" with the original “sin” with “their” INTENT to deceive via the REGISTERING the 
placenta/DNA joinder, your SHIP as YOU.. What people do not realize is that it’s the use, any and all use 
of that legal name that entraps them via their own willful, if ignorant of the truth, consent. Their entire 
ruse is dependent upon assumption and presumption of the legal name because most everyone uses 
their |D-entification....The trouble is, once they realize that, it’s only then that they see the magnitude of 
their involvement at all levels. These guys want you sailing with them as part of their fleet (FLEET STREET 
ring a bell?) as a ship of the line versus YOU claiming your own ship as the FLAGSHIP it truly is. 


All things registered are all things given up by willful consent to the CROWN as part of the CARGO aboard 
your FRAUDULENTLY SALVAGED SHIP. People are also confused as to what the CROWN really is, and this 
is because people have been divided and conquered using fake borders and countries and actually 
believe you need a piece of paper to pass through these illusional walls; pure madness, especially those 
who are “guarding” these illusions. While you are sailing THEIR ship, you are expected and obligated to 
follow orders from some pirate ADMIRAL PRIVATEER operating under a LETTER OF MARQUE from the 
fictitious CROWN and its BOARD OF DIRECTORS. The more things we REGISTER, the more CARGO they 
lay claim to via this fraud, piracy and theft. A fraud revealed is null and void, nunc pro tunc, tunc pro 


nunc. 


Who Do | Send This To? 


1. EVERYONE.....This is about letting everyone know about this fraud upon mankind via the deception of 
the LEGAL NAME versus your true lawful one. 


2. Specifically, as it pertains to anything and all things “LEGAL”, everyone who is party to trying to ENTICE 
YOU INTO SLAVERY knowingly or unknowingly, all are guilty under COMMON LAW/NATURAL LAW and 
their own ADMIRALTY/PHOENICIAN LAW. In short, if you are in any/all kind/s of “LEGAL PROCEEDING/S, 
COLLECTIONS, FORECLOSURES, TICKETS, FINES, BANKING ETC.” these are, in fact, fraudulent inasmuch as 
those using a FALSE IMPERSONATION/PERSONATION/LEGAL NAME/TITLE/OFFICE etc., they are not 
acting in good faith and have “unclean hands” via their own knowing/unknowing and are PARTY TO 
CONSPIRACY/PIRACY/HUJACKING/ENTICEMENT TO SLAVERY of a SUPREME SOVEREIGN. 


Do not be fooled; there are two very active JURISDICTIONS going on here and the “system” defaults to 
ADMIRALTY, LEX MERCHANTORIUM, COMMERCE, and PHOENICIAN FRAUD where they are also in 
COMMON LAW jurisdiction but they avoid it because it removes ALL ability of the “judge” to command 
the CORPORATE ship and, in turn, your SHIP/NAME as a secondary ship of the line. A jury has power over 
the judges and lawyers where they are rendered mute in the same way that we cannot be “heard” in 
their STATUATORY COMMERCE COURTS because we are deemed “legally dead by consent” for using the 
DEAD LEGAL NAME/FICTION. Dead men tell no tales, have no rights and are treated as meat and salvage. 
Every “ruling” ever made in these courts of commerce are pure and utter FRAUD and are all voided 
accordingly and this is what they are terrified of. The Apostolic Letter removed their immunity rendering 
ALL courts COMMON LAW. 


People still get caught up in the “case by case” drama in the same way that they view movies and TV 
shows that depict their fraud courts in a “common law” light which is pure tripe. For a more accurate 
depiction of their corporate fiction, one need look no further than the “judge bows to sovereign” video 
where the corporate Ba’al priest could not get me to consent to his jurisdiction where | had already 
claimed common law the instant | set foot in their “church”. His pitiful attempts got even funnier once he 
realized that the PROOF OF FRAUD INTENT was sitting on his ship; an Apostilled copy of the BIRTH 
CERTIFICATE from the CITY OF LONDON, STATE. Being born in the former CORPORATE UNITED KINGDOM 
has its advantages. Remember this; Everything you have ever done using their LEGAL NAME you claimed 
as yours was done so in FRAUD under a FALSE IMPERSONATION/IMPERSONATION therefore, you do NOT 
own or have LEGAL claim to anything you have REGISTERED but you do have a lawful claim inasmuch as 
all things LEGAL are fraud ab initio, ad infinitum, nunc pro tunc, tunc pro nunc. This “judge” could not 
create the necessary joinder because he could not get me to give the FULL NAME of the VESSEL | arrived 
here in and one that the pirates acting on behalf of a fictitious CROWN had fraudulently laid claim to. 
Please remember, the INTENTION of your mother and father was to give you the name you bear where 
all assumption and presumption of its LEGAL status is, was and will always be the intention of another to 


commit fraud otherwise. It’s yours lawfully, always was. 


| am going to simply ask everyone to shut down their left brain psycho-babble that must figure 
everything out intellectually and completely misses the spiritual aspects. The left brain chatter is the 
program, the dis-belief, the debater, the argumentative gimmie gimmie, nanny state mind. | have spent 
years compiling things into easy to grasp information on my website http://kateofgaia.wordpress.com 
and countless hours on air explaining this over and over. Please take the time to read the writings on that 
site completely BEFORE asking a question long ago answered. The biggest problem society has is the “I 
WANT IT NOW!!!” drive-thru fast truth burger attitude. It took years to program you from the day you 
were born until now and it may take a few days, weeks or months for this to sink in. The only thing that 
gets in your way is what I just wrote about society’s biggest problem. The longer you have the ego 
program in control, the longer it will take you to grasp this. 


Where Do | Send This? 


1. Everywhere and anywhere living people are thought to be using a FRAUD LEGAL NAME. Any 
questions? 


2. If you are involved in ANYTHING LEGAL, then everywhere that the claiming fraudsters are is where this 
goes and then some. You must get out of the “my case, me, me, me only” program. This has been and is 
a planetary issue that involves ALL of humanity and we need to start thinking in these terms lest we 
remain divided and thus, conquered. Yes, you have a “case” perhaps but the simple truth of the matter is 
that EVERY SINGLE CASE has one root cause and that is the LEGAL NAME/S be they “persons”, the living 
personified or business names/titles; they are all one and the same thing LEGALLY FICTITIOUS and 
FRAUD and all are treated as SHIPS in THEIR NAVY. Keep in mind the NAVEL/NAVAL aspects where the 
umbilical cord was your original LIFELINE to your ship and when that placenta was stolen, you were cast 
adrift allegorically. As another example, if you have been mistakenly sent something with a legal name 
that resembles your lawful one making a LEGAL CLAIM then EVERYONE connected to that sending 
(including the postal workers) is GUILTY of ENTICEMENT INTO SLAVERY and FRAUD, just for starters so 
you let EVERYONE of them know that you are FULLY AWARE of that INTENT to attempt to aid and abet 
you into committing FRAUD, especially all the lawyers, judges, bankers etc. This is their lifeblood that 


keeps them able to parasite the living. Again; EVERYONE.....EVERYONE......EVERYONE! 


A living being CANNOT contract with a dead corporation and why the intensity surrounding the 
demanding that we GIVE/CONSENT to a LEGAL NAME because it enables pirates to board our ships and 
plunder our wealth because we are assumed as part of their FLEET without knowing. What | am sharing 

here is NOT a LEGAL proceeding but rather a LAWFUL one where your position is COMMON 
LAW/NATURAL LAW, without assumption/presumption being allowed. As previously stated, the courts 
operate in both capacities BUT default to “DEAD BY CONSENT/SURETY LEGAL COMMERCE/SALVAGE 
RIGHTS versus lawful living truth. This is the point you really need to get and let sink in otherwise you’ll 


be trapped in their legal illusion and fleeced accordingly. Remember, the court’s immunity has been 
removed via the Apostolic Letter and they are TERRIFIED of what | am sharing with you in this document 
because it makes them lawfully liable for their actions where their layer of CORPORATE PROTECTION has 
been fully stripped away; the emperor wannabe’s have no clothes. | am going to enclose in this one 
document EVERYTHING that | and others have been sending to ALL concerned parties and HOW | put 
these things together and WHY. 


Please do not get overwhelmed because if you are, you’re making this far too complicated and such is 
the basis and nature of what the system has done via schools, religions, media, politics etc. ; Pure left 
brain ego programming and drama distractions. Contained in this one document are all the 
pages/information/documents that | use as ONE complete sending/serving to all legal fraudsters. This is 
NOT a courtroom document, it is servable only to the CLERK outside of the courtroom; if you’re in a 
courtroom, you’ve already been assumed and presumed legally dead by, of and in that act of entering 
THEIR juris-fiction without knowing who you are in the grand scheme of things. When dealing with 
any/all courts ONLY THE CLERK gets served and | mean SERVED. The CLERK is the keeper of the CAPTAINS 
LOGS and MANIFESTS thus the CABIN BOY....it’s a simple as going to a wicket OUTSIDE of the courtroom, 
addressing the clerk with the paperwork and the comment “served”.....now walk away, seeds planted. 


What and How Do | Send This? 


Before you send anything, you MUST be fully aware of what you’re doing in your CAUSAL state. Only YOU 
know your situation clearly and those involved in your particular scenario/scene. Yes, all the world’s a 
stage so SET the STAGE. This is where you must THINK for yourself and how all of this information 
pertains to you because only YOU can enact this. 


FACT: Any/All AT-TEMPTS/ TO TEMPT / CON-TEMPT (with tempt) to CREATE JOINDER with YOU, the living 
SOUL SURVIVOR with ASSUMPTION/PRESUMPTION of SALVAGE/THEFT of your rightful 
PROPERTY/SHIP/AFTERBIRTH/DNA/RNA is AIDING AND ABETTING INTO FRAUD, ENTICEMENT TO 
SLAVERY, PIRACY etc. which are ALL CAPITAL OFFENCES against a true living SUPREME SOVEREIGN and 
master/commander of your ship, period. They, any/all AGENTS of/for/by/in/on/at/with the CROWN 
KNOW this so it is a WILFULL ACT OF HARM and CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY. 


1. Know your TRUE BERTH DATE regarding the Anno Mundi or Hebrew Calendar as it relates to the 
Gregorian/Julian DEAD Calendar. Here is a link for converting that where you can no longer be 
presumed/assumed DEAD/lost at sea...Ye must be born again. 


and here is a link to better explain the Anno Mundi (in the year of the world) Calendar 


http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anno Mundi 


2. Where you arrived is your QUAY/KEY/X marks the spot...think letter of Marque re PRIVATEERING for 
the CROWN now where “X” Marks the spot. This is your PORT/LEFT/10% MIND of ENTRY. A PASSPORT 
was NOT required but was MAN-DATED upon the REGISTRATION of your SHIP by your parents. Once the 
ship was registered, it became part of the FLEET as a ship of the line where your FLAGSHIP status was 
shipwrecked. 


3. There are many documents on my website at http://kateofgaia.wordpress.com where | will be 
adding on to the “One Stop Truth Dock” which has enough information to let any/all who receive 
it know your position both literally and allegorically as it pertains to the true spiritual nature of 
this game/movie. To be continued.......... 


[Introduction: communiqué of the Holy See Press Office] 


1. Today His Holiness Pope Francis has issued a Motu proprio on criminal law 
matters. 


On this same date, the Pontifical Commission for Vatican City State has 
adopted the following laws: 


- Law No. VIII containing Supplementary Norms on Criminal Law Matters; 


- Law No. IX containing Amendments to the Criminal Code and the Criminal 
Procedure Code; 


- Law No. X containing General Provisions on Administrative Sanctions. 


2. The Motu proprio makes the criminal laws adopted by the Pontifical 
Commission for Vatican City State applicable also within the Holy See. 


3. The criminal laws adopted today are a continuation of the efforts to 
update Vatican City State's legal system, building upon the measures adopted 
since 2010 during the pontificate of Benedict XVI. 


4. These laws, however, have a broader scope, since they incorporate into 
the Vatican legal system the provisions of numerous international 
conventions including: the four Geneva Conventions of 1949, on the conduct 
of war and war crimes; the 1965 Convention on the elimination of all forms 
of racial discrimination; the 1984 Convention against torture and other 
cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment, the 1989 Convention on 
the rights of the child and its optional protocols of 2000. 


5. Of particular note in this context is the introduction of the crime of 
torture and a broader definition of the category of crimes against minors 
(including: the sale of children, child prostitution, the recruitment of 
children, sexual violence and sexual acts with children, and the production 
and possession of child pornography). 


6. A section of the legislation introduces a list of crimes against 
humanity, in particular, the crimes of genocide and apartheid, following 
broadly the definitions adopted in the 1998 Statute of the International 

Criminal Court. The section of the Criminal Code regarding offences 
committed in the exercise of public administration has also been revised in 
light of the 2003 United Nations Convention against corruption. With regard 

to penalties, that of life imprisonment has been abolished and it has been 
replaced with a maximum penalty of 30 to 35 years of imprisonment. 


7. In line with the most recent developments at the international level, the 
new legislation also introduces a system of penalties for juridical persons 
who profit from the criminal activities of their constituent bodies or 
personnel, establishing their direct liability and providing as penalties a 
set of interdictions and pecuniary sanctions. 


8. In the area of criminal procedure, the general principles of presumption 
of innocence and due process within a reasonable time have been recognized 
explicitly, while the power of the judicial authorities to adopt 
precautionary measures has been increased by bringing up to date the 
provisions for confiscation and the freezing of assets. 


9. Also of importance is the modernization of the rather dated norms 
governing international judicial cooperation, with the adoption of measures 
in line with the standards of the most recent international conventions. 


10. The law on administrative sanctions is of a general nature so as to 
serve as a common framework that provides for the possibility of sanctions 
in different areas intended to promote respect for the norms, to render them 
effective and to protect the public interests. 


11. As a whole, these normative efforts form part of broader process aimed 
at modernizing further the Vatican legal system with a view to enhancing its 
consistency and effectiveness. 


[Presentation of the motu proprio by the Secretary for Relations with States 
Abp. Dominique Mamberti] 


The laws approved by the Pontifical Commission for Vatican City State bring 
about a broad-ranging normative change, necessary for the function that this 
State, entirely 


sui generis, is called upon to carry out for the benefit of the Apostolic 
See. The original and foundational aim of the Vatican, which consists of 
guaranteeing the freedom of the exercise of the Petrine ministry, indeed 
requires an institutional structure that, the limited dimensions of the 
territory notwithstanding, assumes a complexity in some respects similar to 
that of contemporary States. 


Established by the Lateran Pacts of 1929, the State adopted the judicial, 
civil and penal structures of the Kingdom of Italy in their entirety, in the 
conviction that this would be sufficient to regulate the legal relationships 
within a State whose reason for existence lies in the support of the 
spiritual mission of Peter's Successor. The original penal system - 
constituted by the Italian Penal Code on 30 June 1889 and the Italian Penal 
Code of 27 February 1913, in force from 7 June 1929 - has seen only marginal 
modifications and even the new law on sources of law (No. 71 of 1 October 
2008) confirms the criminal legislation of 1929, while awaiting an overall 
redefinition of the discipline. 


The most recently approved laws, while not constituting a radical reform of 
the penal system, revise some aspects and complete it in other areas, 
satisfying a number of requirements. On the one hand, these laws take up and 
develop the theme of the evolution of the Vatican judicial structure, 
continuing the action undertaken by Pope Benedict XVI in 2010 to prevent and 
combat money-laundering and the financing of terrorism. In this regard, the 
provisions contained in the 2000 United Nations Convention Against 
Transnational Organised Crime, the 1988 United Nations Convention Against 
Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, and the 1999 
International Convention for the Suppression of Financing of Terrorism, are 
to be implemented, along with other conventions defining and specifying 
terrorist activity. 


The new laws also introduce other forms of crime indicated in various 
international conventions already ratified by the Holy See in international 
contexts and which will now be implemented in domestic law. Among these 
conventions, the following are worthy of mention: the 1984 Convention 
Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or 
Punishment, the 1965 International Convention on the Elimination of All 
Forms of Racial Discrimination, the 1989 International Convention on the 
Rights of the Child and the 2000 Optional Protocols, the 1949 Geneva 
Conventions on War Crimes, etc. A separate section is dedicated to crimes 
against humanity, including genocide and other crimes defined by 
international common law, along the lines of the 1998 Rome Statute of the 
International Criminal Court. From a substantial point of view, finally, 
further items of note are the revision of crimes against the public 
administration, in line with the provisions included in the 2003 United 
Nations Convention Against Corruption, as well as the abolition of the life 
sentence, to be substituted by a maximum custodial sentence of 30 to 35 
years. 


While many of the specific criminal offences included in these laws are 
undeniably new, it would however be incorrect to assume that the forms of 
conduct thereby sanctioned were previously licit. These were indeed 
punished, but as broader, more generic forms of criminal activity. The 
introduction of the new regulations is useful to define the specific cases 
with greater certainty and precision and to thus satisfy the international 
parameters, calibrating the sanctions to the specific gravity of the case. 


Some of the new categories of criminal activity introduced (for instance, 
crimes against the security of air or maritime navigation or against the 
security of airports or fixed platforms) may appear excessive considering 
the geographic characteristics of Vatican City State. However, such 
regulations have on the one hand the function of ensuring respect for 
international anti-terrorism parameters, and on the other, they are 
necessary to ensure compatibility with the condition of so-called "dual 
criminality", to enable the extradition of persons charged or convicted of 
crimes committed abroad should they seek refuge in Vatican City State. 


Special emphasis is given to the discipline of "civil responsibility of 
juridical persons derived from a criminal violation" (arts. 46-51 of the law 
containing complementary regulations on criminal matters), introducing 


sanctions for juridical persons involved in criminal activities as defined 
by the current international legal framework. To this end an attempt has 

been made to reconcile the traditionally cautious approach observable also 
in the canonical order, according to which "societas puniri non potest" with 

the need, ever more evident in the international context, to establish 

adequate and deterrent penalties also against juridical persons who profit 

from crime. The solution adopted was therefore that of establishing 

administrative responsibility of juridical persons, obviously when it is 
possible to demonstrate that a crime was committed in the interests of or to 

the advantage of that same juridical person. 


Significant modifications are introduced also in terms of procedure. These 
include: updates in the discipline of requisition, strengthened by measures 
regarding the preventative freezing of assets; an explicit statement of the 
principles of fair trial within a reasonable time limit and with the 
presumption of innocence; the reformulation of regulations regarding 
international judicial cooperation with the adoption of the measures 
established by the most recent international conventions. 


From a technical and regulatory point of view, the plurality of sources 
available to experts was organised by means of their combination in a 
harmonious and coherent body of legislation which, in the frameworks of the 
Church's magisterium and the juridical-canonical tradition, the principal 
source of Vatican law (Art. 1, Para. 1, Law No. 71 on the sources of law, 1 
October 2008) takes into account simultaneously the norms established by 
international conventions and the Italian juridical tradition, reference to 
which has always been made by the Vatican legal order. 


In order to better order a legislative work with such broad-ranging content, 
it has been drafted as two distinct laws. One brings together all the 
legislation consisting of modifications to the penal code and the code of 
criminal procedure; the other will instead consist of legislation of a 
nature which does not permit a homogeneous section within the code structure 
and is therefore gathered in form of a later or complementary penal code. 


Finally, the penal reform hitherto presented is completed with the adoption 
by the Holy Father Francis of a specific Motu proprio, also bearing 
yesterday's date, which extends the reach of the legislation contained in 
these criminal laws to the members, officials and employees of the various 
bodies of the Roman Curia, connected Institutions, bodies subordinate to the 


Holy See and canonical juridical persons, as well as pontifical legates and 
diplomatic staff of the Holy See. This extension has the aim of making the 
crimes included in these laws indictable by the judicial organs of Vatican 
City State even when committed outside the borders of the state. 


Among the laws adopted yesterday by the Pontifical Commission for Vatican 
City State there is also the law consisting of general legislation on the 
subject of administrative sanctions. This law had already been proposed in 
Art. 7, Paragraph 4 of Law 71 on the sources of law of 1 October 2008, and 
establishes the general principles and regulation of the application of 
administrative sanctions. 


For some time there has long been an awareness of the expedience of an 
intermediate tertium genus between penal and civil offences, also in 
relation to the growing relevance of administrative offences. As a 
discipline of principle, the provisions of such a law would be used whenever 
another law establishes the imposition of administrative penalties for a 
breach of law, no doubt to specify the procedure for their application to 
the competent authority and the order of other minor effects. 


One of the cornerstones of the system introduced by this law is constituted 
by the so-called rule of law, as a result of which administrative sanctions 
may be imposed only in cases defined by law. The procedure for 
implementation is divided into a phase of investigation and challenge of the 
infringement by the competent offices, and a second phase of imposition of 
the sanction, which will fall within the competences of the President of the 
Governorate. Finally, there will be the right to appeal heard by a single 
judge except in more cases of more severe penalties, for which the 
jurisdiction of the Court is established. 


To conclude this brief presentation, it may be observed that the laws 
indicated above are notable not only for their undeniable substantial and 
systematic relevance, but also because they represent a further significant 

step on the part of the Vatican legislator towards the refinement of its 
legal code, necessary to assume and promote the constructive and useful 
proposals of the international Community with a view to more intense 
international cooperation and a more effective pursuit of the common good. 


