Phoenician Spells by kate of gaia 


Where does one begin when exposing the greatest fraud ever placed upon 
mankind? How does one begin to explain the level of trickery the legal admiralty 
banking system has foisted upon each and every one of us, but even more so 
upon themselves? We have a planet at effect to this nonsense but mankind is 
finally awakening to it though not just on the physical plain level. | have long 
talked about the yellow brick road magical nature of this place where many are 
not only seeing this, but are returning to their causal and true nature as the gods 
we always were but simply forgot. While the vast majority of brilliant minds still 
tinker in the details where the devil lives, they are missing the fundamental nature 
of creation itself; sound. This is the Phoenician game of law and one that is based 
in phonics. 


We have all been caught under the spells cast via sigils, letters, numbers and 
whirreds and have simply forgotten to really listen in this spellbound state. When 
we speak any language, the nuances and patterns become deeply ingrained 
where assumption and presumption of the words meanings get lost in the habits 
we have been so closely trained to accept. It is this very basis that conversations 
can exist at all. Once we are all well trained to accept the shapes of these sigils, 
we are then taught to accept very narrow guidelines into their sounds as they are 
found in words and spellings where one letter sounds entirely different in one 
word as related to another. For example, a "C" can sound like an "S" or a "K" or 
even "CH" depending on the word or the language. The point here simply is to 
make you aware of this programmed way of deliberate left brain acceptance. 


In order to break free of the spells, one must first break free of the indoctrinations 
program that says you cannot sound out a word any other way than how you were 
programmed to say it or write it lest the teacher give you a great big red "X" on 
your work. Remember how carefully you were manipulated to shape these sigils 
and how tightly your mind was woven into only accepting these programmings? 
Take the word "exception" for example. Since when does "tion" make a "shun" 
sound? Only since you were told it did, and that was the way it was, no 
arguments. For the more adept readers or listeners, you are already letting go of 


these lange-gage or tongue pledge games and seeing and hearing more of what 
you are really casting as a spell upon yourself and upon others. Let's take a deeper 
look into "exception" without all the rules to see what else may be there. 


The word exception has three distinct sounds at first listen; Ex-sept-shun. Ex also 
has the sound of a single letter "X" which opens up a can of worms all by itself. 
The letter X is the Greek letter Chi which sounds like Key and Quay or can be 
pronounced Che as in cheetah. X is also the sigil for ther Roman numeral 10 where 
the one can easily be mistaken for an "I" which sounds like eye, aye, ai, igh etc. 
Are you now starting to get the picture of the depth of hidden paths that are 
missed based on how rigid we have been shaped through the schooling systems 
yet? So, when you have the sound "ex" in a word, what can be assumed or 
presumed? The true and easy answer is that anything and everything can be 
assumed and presumed by the one you are talking to. How many times have you 
said something and meant it one way yet the receiver of those words took them 
all the wrong way? 


This is the power of divide and conquer on the most subtle level in our day to day 
lives where the courts, lawyers, cops and judges take this assumption and 
presumption to a whole new level of corruption of intent. Anyone who thinks they 
can go in and verbally argue with someone who will assume and presume 
whatever they want to insure they get the desired intent they seek and, to make 
the speaker guilty, is a fool of babble on. The magic contained within the 
magistrates is all about sound and nothing else. This is why it must be spelled out 
for them with our intent far beyond the limited definitions laid out in a book one 
of their team wrote. 


| could write an essay on the letter X alone so let's move on to the second 
syllable/cy-label/scylla-bull shall we? Sept is the French spelling of the number 7 
or "god" number. This one opens a case of canned worms all by itself. Eta is the 
7th letter of the Greek Alphabet and shows as an upper case H and lower case n. 
Magically, many layers are exposed. H in French is pronounced "ash" and is mainly 
silent in the French language. Indeed, silence is golden. There is a literal book that 


can be written on this sound but | want to show the last part of the word 
exception to present the rule breaking approach that is needed to re-intend the 
word via the sound pronunciation back into a more naturally sounding state. The 
"tion" part now has another syllable in Ti-on and yet one more in T-ion. So, with 
the standard programming we are not only led to believe that regardless of what 
we think the letter sounds like, in their game that really doesn't matter now does 
it? | just agreed with that and made up my own rules of play more in line with the 
original diversionary tactics. 


In my playbook, music factors in along with numbers etc. and pretty much 
anything goes. What | have found are the remarkable "coincidences" when one 
begins to see the truer meanings of the hidden bits where | can see/hear how 
easy it was to get us creating for someone else via phonics/phoenix/phoenician 
laws. Every single word that can be defined within the body of a word factors into 
that word and the sum of the parts becomes far greater than the whole, thus the 
power of lexigrams. Black’s law has lexigrammars listed in the credits as to 
compiling contributors. Anyone else think that that isn’t a coincidence or is it just 
me that notices these things? Every single sigil has numerous sounds and even 
more so when combined with other sigils. | have been asked countless times to 
compile a dictionary or book relating to this subject but that would take this 
lifetime and a few others to do that where it is only important that one gets the 
concept of what | am sharing regarding the structure of the spellings. | am only 
concerned with how they were established where everything we say could be 
used against us in our ignorance of using someone else’s creation. 


l'II share a few of the basics that | instantly resonate with when I am conversing 
with anyone in spoken or written word. The written word is far easier to spot the 
other intentions and it takes some practice to start to hone in on the subtlety of 

the sounds given that most of us “shortcut” words where a word like “trader” 

sounds exactly the same as “traitors” where we never enunciate properly and 

merely glaze over sounds via habits and pure laziness. Such is the reason as to 

why | rant so often about people wanting truth NOW like a drive thru window 
service. People need to learn to simply breathe and learn patience. Impatience is 

a direct proof of left brain monkey chattering. We all need to take the time to 


pause where the left brain/Cain has been our master for far too long. 


You will never pick up on these subtleties until you allow your creative right access 
and it is completely barred from your awareness with your mind cluttered with 
left brain “look how clever | am” shite on permanent puke mode. As | mentioned, 
there are a few key sounds/spellings that my radar is always set to and | find 
myself stripping words in real time because | have formed new habits where the 
programmed phonetics rules are removed where my intention is the master, not 
the slave. People, for the most part, have no idea about grammar, the prefixes, 
suffixes, etc. because that is not something heavily focused on in their mind 
control school centers. First, we have to learn to cast aside all the rules and | do 
mean all of them. Here’s an example using a favourite word of mine. Pay attention 
to how the meanings can be shifted into assuming or presuming whatever you 
want based on the many layers contained within one simple word like physical. 
There are three distinct sounds of “phi”, “psi” and “cull”. Remember, we are lazy in 
our enunciation and it is this that is phonetically critical given that universes are 
created and destroyed with sound. 


Now, let’s play with the sound layers. “Phi” or “phy” is sounded with the “I” as it is 
found in “fit” where | changed the sound to sound like the “y” in “cry”. The same 
sound applies in the second syllable “psi/sigh/cy”. Phi is the 21st (god) Greek letter 
and is the letter used for the phi ratio of creation, the golden mean of 1.618 and 
“psi” is the 23" (spirit/mind) Greek letter. The word is rounded out where we say 


|” 


“cull” in relation to “cle”, not even remotely similar phonically. The standard sound 


|” 


we use for “physical” can be spelled “fizz-i-cull”. By now you'll start to see why a 
dictionary of phonics based words would take literally forever. The good news is 
that there are a few sounds that show up en masse so it doesn’t take long to see 


the magic once you slow your left brain enough to absorb this. 


| will now confuse the living shit out of you to illustrate the phonics and why you 
have no idea as to what you’re really saying until now and how humanity has been 
owned by these Phoenician traitors/traders. I’m just going to list the 
phonic/spelling variants but keep in mind that every letter has its own alphabet 


sound too. P, h, y, s, i, c, a, |, ph(f), h can be silent, y, as in yellow, phi, fie, fy, psi, 
sigh, -cy, cy-, sickle, sick-l, sick-cull, cle’ (cles, in French, means key and the “s” is 
silent), psyche, fizz, fies (mild disgust), pies, cycle, etc.....starting to see and hear 
the picture now? With one word, an entire dictionary must be opened to define a 
myriad of words and that’s not including the lexigrams where the letters can all be 
rearranged into completely new words and sounds. This is why silence is golden 
and what we are saying must be spelled out for this psychotic system. Regardless, 
the mere fact that this has been uncovered is all the concept that one needs to 
get to bring in their intent versus being completely spellbound. 


In the simplest of terms, | like to stick to the obvious ones to show people how to 
begin peeling layers off themselves. Again, it is only the concept that one has to 
click on where we’|l leave the details to the devil, Scylla, and toss those into the 
deep blue sea, Charybdis. Is it a coincidence that our words have Scylla-Bulls or 

that the spirit made flesh is Ka-ribbed-is? Ka is the Egyptian word for the 
embodiment of spirit and is a key sound | listen for. | think everyone needs to 
brush up on the basics of English regarding synonyms, homonyms and antonyms 
are concerned non? When you begin to see the real magic, you will become a 
whole lot less stressed out knowing you were right all along about this place being 
magical like you did when you were a pre-corrupted child. 


Anytime | see or hear combos like ka, caw, cau, le, el, I, ra, re, is (ice), se, ce (say), | 
see root meanings, not literal ones and they all have a much more significant 
meaning. This is why it is nearly impossible to codify (code-I-fie(disgust)) the 

English language because it incorporates all the sounds using borrowed sounds 
and meanings from all languages. It is only important that one catches on to these 
intricacies without feeling the need to be an expert since it is YOUR intention that 
carries once this spell has been spotted with your own “aha” moment. So, on the 
surface, physical becomes phi (creation), psi (spirit/mind), cull (to harvest) or that 

to me, the word physical is defined as the harvesting of our spiritual creative 
ability. It is also not a coincidence that any of the so-called officials like to be 
called honour-able because they are actually doing that if one can see how they 


pull it off in phonics. A very important aspect that you have to adopt is one of no 
vengeance or anger because that will only cloud your ability to see things from a 
neutral position (positive-ion). 


| really want to keep this essay as shorty as possible so as not to overwhelm your 


“ay 


left brain that is likely on fire right now but you will notice (not-is, since a “c” can 


any 
S 


take on all forms and sounds of “s”) you are being more creative in your seeing 
and hearing which is bringing your right, creative brain to bear/bare. | would 
suggest just spending a bit of time with a few words to see how they sound when 
you break all the programmed rules so deeply ingrained since the first day of 
school. A few simple terms to see are suffixes like —hood, -ment, -cy or ship which 
all mean “mind/spirit” and it doesn’t matter how you think a word used to sound 
or look, only that you look far deeper than your programs have allowed you to 
see. Here are a few words as | see and hear them to see if this resonates with you. 
Decipher or de, to undo or of, ci/sigh/cy, of mind and spirit and fur, animal hide or 
fer as in ferrous or iron/red/eoptions. Are you starting to get the depth of this 
web-sters yet? 


“Ster” is star or divine feminine creative essence or the right brain where “regis” 
means to rule from Latin. Another thing | always notice is the placement of the 
letter “n” since that letter simply means to make something yours, it’s a 
possessive letter once added to the front of a word to separate vowels or vow-Els 
with El being the same concept as the power of intent in creation to create 
something. It worked something like this. Today we say “an egg” where it used to 
be spelled like “a negg” and the “n” just moved to the “legal left” brain where 
right is “lawful rite” where | choose to sit in between those worlds. | am center 
just-i-fied. If one is seeking justice they are phonically seeking just-is and should 
therefore be happy with their choice but then, that wasn’t your intent now was it? 
Up until this point it could be safely assumed and presumed you were only 
wanting what just is and weren’t you not given that phonetically misspelled to 
you? Alas, you weren’t working in Phoenician law now were you? 


This is a game of universal honour where all is fair in love and war make no 
mistake about it but the good news is, you are beginning to see the trickery of 


creation itself and that was always and will always be based in sound. It suffices 

that you only see the nature of the spell and how anything you say can and will be 
used against you and quite effectively. Do you now see why? | could write an 

entire library of works on every word but the truth is, it was only the tricks of the 
matrix/patrix we have to expose and become the neu-trix on the block. Mother 

tricks, father tricks and new tricks where old dogs had better become puppies 
again lest their chosen by assumption masters continue to beat them. I’m hoping 
that you can tune into the shows where | not only read these on air but | expand 
on the concepts to give people a better understanding of how this reality really 

works. 

In order to rise from the ashes, the phoe must be nixed. For me, that’s the true 


order of the Phoenix or phonix/phonics since an “e” is usually silent anyway. 


While you may be reeling a bit from this information, take heart because it is far 
simpler than you think and that again is the trouble with the left brain; it wants to 
figure out everything even when there is no figuring out to be done. | constantly 
remind people to just breathe and let the seeds take root and that can only 
happen when you can shut down your monkey left brain that has been mined for 
too long. Here are a few key words/sounds with how | see and hear them: | am 
sound only motivated 


Ra/re/ri/ = sun of, light of god 
Ka, Ca, Cau, = spirit/mind embodiment 
Se’, say, ce, = herself, himself, itself or the trinity of creations parts 
P, R , rho, roe, row = spirit breath, creation itself 


X, ex, ecs, ecks = 10, IO the goddess, chi, key, quay, chee, cles (french for key), 
on/off binary, sperm/egg, penis/vagina etc. 


El, elle, L, U (int’l sym-bull for electricity/intent/masculine), = the power of intent 
into the void or the mother sound “Ma-sonic” made manifest. 


| could list dozens more but one thing | have noticed is that all things return to the 
divine feminine inasmuch as the masculine electrical can only move using 


feminine electrons. Without the womb of is-is, the masculine is effectively 
impotent, not I’m-potent. This is where the impossible becomes the fully I’m- 

possible. A great teacher once said that god is light, which is only a higher 
vibration of sound, that you are light and that you are gods. My take on that is 

quite simple really; be careful what/watt you/ewe wish for and start acting 
responsible/re-spawns-abel and be mind-less versus mind-full or you’ll be at 
effect to another’s cause/Ka-se/caw/crow-n, my crow ka’ing for you/Ka-au-se 

etc.....mwahs and love, sharing more soon, kate of gaia... 


