Dear, |, who shall not be named: 


Your email dated September 17, 2013, received by the Ministry of Justice, has been forwarded to me for 
response. | am responding on behalf of the Attorney General and Minister of Justice. 


Of course you are because no crooked boss will ever take the heat for anything they can toss down onto 
one of their dogs like you. That is merely a statement of fact, not a personal slight since your bosses have 
many dogs to throw under their busses. 


Your email and the assertions made in it do not create any enforceable rights against the Attorney 
General and Minister of Justice, the Government of British Columbia or anyone else. Whatever 
enforceable rights you may have arise from and under the law of British Columbia and Canada as 
interpreted by the courts. Those rights are always subject to the limits of the law. 


You see dear Geoff, you're truly missing the point but then anyone who responds with a "nyah nyah you 
can't touch me/us" as their opening statement only confirms what | know to be true where only the 
guilty of crimes against humanity are concerned. | need no courts to "prove" anything inasmuch as your 
own heart as well as the hearts of others enslaving humanity is already known by your actions; those 
acts cannot be taken back, only balanced via universal law, not your "man-made” illusional ones. In 
short, what goes around, comes around, no effort on my part required, quite simple really. 


As for your obligations under law, while you are in this province you are subject to all of the laws of 
Canada and British Columbia, including those with respect to your conduct while you are here or any 
property you may have here. If you engage in conduct that is contrary to the law of Canada or British 
Columbia, you will be subject to whatever penalties or remedies that the law may provide. 


Unfortunately for you and the rest of your fraudulent system, you need a "PERSON" to be "subject" or to 
"re-side" in one of your fictional "regions". | have no sworn or oathed allegiances, pledges or the like to 
your fictional corporate governments, to do so would render me a dead fictional character in your silly 
little play called Admiralty/Phoenician/Mercantile/Commerce courts/churches (same thing btw, look it 


up). 


As far as "property" goes, anything claimed as owned by me, the living being, would instantly render me 
a thief to claim something "REGISTERED" to the CROWN silly. The same thing applies to you but then 
only B.A.R. TEMPLE members have "right of copyright use". | find it amusingly ironic that you and your 
fellow deceivers are concerned about mine or anyone else's conduct when you should be more 
concerned with your own mirror and how you and those enslaving humanity are conducting yourselves 
with things like human trafficking, fraud, child kidnapping, grand thefts etc. against those you purport to 
"serve". Where you are concerned with laws contrary to fictional states, you should be more concerned 
with the injuries these delusions are causing your fellow man, not some dead fictional corporation 
created in a back room somewhere for fools to pledge their souls to because of their own personal greed 
and tendency towards sociopathic psychopathy. 


This letter constitutes a specific refusal by the Government of British Columbia and any other officials of 
the Government of British Columbia to whom your email may refer to accept, agree to or be bound by 
the alleged legal outcomes asserted in that email. It also constitutes a general reservation of the rights 
of the Government of British Columbia and its officials in response to your email. 


Of course it does because truth in this matter is a terrifying thing for those, like you, that have something 
to fear being exposed. Since you are preaching your "laws", you are obligated to them and one of those 
is contract is deemed accepted via the mail, be it physical or electronic. There can be NO legal outcomes 
where universal law is concerned and where no contract is in place to bind or create "joinder" with 
anyone that is not one of your "persons/surety" where that consent MUST be in place BEFORE the law 
has any effect. In short, to play YOUR game, one must be a willing and consenting "legal person/fool etc." 
You see my friend, this is not about you or your cohorts being dethroned, this is about taking down your 
entire house of cards worldwide and unfortunately for you and your "team-mates", the masses have this 
most basic truth now on a most spiritual of contracts level. 


That refusal and reservation of rights also apply to anything in or arising from any similar 
correspondence that you may have sent to officials of the Government of British Columbia in the past, or 
that you may send to them in the future, without any need for future response by any such official. 


| am not interested in yours or any other fictional entity's "response" inasmuch as I'm used to watching 
cowards run when faced with the most basic of truths that undermine their illusional authority. This is 
the fundamental flaw when a system is built entirely on a deception and fraud to literally steal the 
minds, bodies and souls of those you and your cohorts insist you are serving. It is only important to me 
that | let you and your worldwide partners know that | and countless millions of others are awakened to 
this ruse and treachery. | truly understand your fear inasmuch as there are countless millions that are 
less vengeful than me where | wish no harm upon anyone and where much harm has been done to 
myself, my family and the rest of humanity under this yolk of slavery you defend, support and uphold 
with your spiritual consent. No, my friend, this isn't about me and you anymore, this is about you and 
humanity as a collective whole and how YOU conduct yourself with regards to YOUR choices to continue 
or help end this slavery of your fellow man. 


If you commence or are otherwise involved in any legal proceedings in which you intend to assert 
positions of the sort referred to in your email, you must deliver notice in accordance with Rule 4-3(devil) 
of the Supreme Court Civil Rules. For more information on the rules of the court and how to access the 
applicable forms, you may wish to access the Clicklaw website at: 


www.clicklaw.bc.ca/question/commonquestion/1107. In addition, a guidebook called “Transition to 


New Supreme Court Rules” pertaining to civil, non-family, claims is available at the website of the Justice 


Education Society at: http://supremecourtbc.ca/sites/default/files/web/Transition-to-New-Rules.pdf. 


Again, | have no interest in "legal proceedings" for that is the realm of the dead and to engage in such 
things is merely a continuation of the frauds | and humanity have been deceived into performing via the 
original sin of the CROWN (VATICAN CITY, STATE, CITY OF LONDON, STATE, WASHINGTON, DISTRICT OF 
COLUMBIA, STATE) which is the deception of mothers and fathers to REGISTER their children and render 


them dead fictional persons unknowingly as a result. | have no need of any of your fictional church/state 
courts to "assert" any position where my position is quite clear to me, and as well to yourself or you 
wouldn't have spent so much time trying to "assert" your feigned authority redirecting everything back 
to the very courts that have NO jurisdiction over me. Such a typical lawyer tactic and one that is quite 
visibly in fear of this truth otherwise your obvious "side-stepping" of this most critical truth that sets 
man free would not make up the entire body of your RE-PLY. It also helps to know Phoenician law" as it 
pertains to the trickery contained within the sounds of the words where "spellings" are indoctrinated 
into mankind. 


You may be interested in a ruling of the Supreme Court of British Columbia in a case known as Szoo’ v. 
RCMP 2011 BCSC 696. In her Reasons for Judgment dated May 31, 2011, the Honourable Madam Justice 
H. C. Hyslop found that Wayne James Szoo’s claim against the RCMP, which relied on assertions of law 
and legal rights similar to those asserted in your email, failed to disclose a cause of action known to law. 
An electronic copy of those Reasons can be accessed at: www.courts.gov.bc.ca/jdb- 


txt/SC/11/06/2011BCSC0696.htm. 


Actually, no, I'm not interested because it is a ruling based in fraud from a fraudulent system where the 
ruling could not exist without the courts knowingly aiding and abetting anyone via the LEGAL NAME 
fraud. Unfortunately, the being fraudulently acting as WAYNE JAMES SZOO did not know how to expose 
the system/court's fraud at the time of that fictional ruling. This is the "failed to disclose a cause of 
action known to law" you are referring to which is the INTENT by the CROWN via REGISTRATION 
deception/aiding and abetting via non-disclosure of this little fact of law. If there is anything that 
interests me, that is it and now that that fact is DISCLOSED and thank you for making it so easy to show 
you. Perhaps you'll pop by that link and add this "new to you" information. There is but one law I stand 
in and that is "Do unto others as you would have them do unto you" where | choose to make my mirror 
reflection stainless whereupon | have no wish to harm or injure my fellow man. By your actions, YOU are 
known and there is no legal NAME to hide behind. 


If you need advice about your legal rights and options, you may consider contacting a lawyer in private 
practice. If you wish to consult a lawyer in British Columbia, you have the option of calling the Lawyer 
Referral Service at: 1-800-663-1919 (604-687-3221 outside British Columbia). This service, provided by 
the Canadian Bar Association, can refer you to a lawyer in this province who can be consulted for up to 
30 minutes for a fee of $25 plus applicable taxes. Information about the Lawyer Referral Service is 
available from the Canadian Bar Association — British Columbia Branch website at: 


www.cba.org/bc/Public_ Media/main/lawyer_referral.aspx. 


No, | do not need nor do | wish for any advice from you or anyone who has sworn an oath of fealty to a 
corporate king/queen/master etc./ a dead fictional character that is placed above their duty to their 
fellow man. Again, | see these as sociopathic and psychopathic in the same way that | view a serial killer 
or child rapist. Those that aid and abet in these crimes of omission are as guilty as the ones committing 
the crimes themselves. | also found it amusing in how many times you deferred the responsibility of your 
actions AND the ones you are speaking on BEHALF of thus rendering your words, theirs. In effect, one 


stone, three birds so thank you for making that easy as well. All B.A.R. TEMPLE members serve the 
fictional CROWN wear | choose to wear my own real one. 


| trust that this information will be helpful. Very......... 
Sincerely, (sin-cerebrum-lie....phonics made easy) 
Geoff Moyse 


Acting Assistant Deputy Attorney General (indeed you are ACTING though unfortunately, your 
performance doesn't rate an Oscar nomination. l'm afraid acting of this caliber doesn't even rate being 
an "extra" in this movie where all the world's a stage. It's funny, the very NAME your fictional world 
seeks is the very proof of the INTENT to commit fraud anyone needs to expose these crimes against 
humanity and fortunately for humanity; we caught on. Interesting to note that Pope Francis’ Apostolic 
Letter of July 11th, 2013 effectively removed ALL immunity under Roman Curia, the very basis upon 
which ALL corporations could exist at all. So much for that final layer of protection eh?) 


