Silencing of the Law-mbs by kate of gaia 


If every letter can be silent in one word, therefore it can and must be silenced in ALL 
whirreds as one sees fit/phi-Te, the creation of love which is the law-ve’ or law or lah 
which becomes the know-Te of love. 


1. a is silent in each, earth, ear. 2. b is silent in bomb, lamb. 3. c is silent in where k, s, ch, 
f, ph, are corresponding letters creating same sounds or silence. 4. d is silent bridge. 5. e 
is silent in bride. 6. f is silent in where g and h are silent (laughter). 7. g is silent in 
laughter. 8. h is silent in laughter. 9. | is silent in void/vowed. 10. j is silent in that it 
mimics g and is an h in jorge’. 11. k is silent in know/now, knew/new. 12’ | is silent in 
should or wood/would. 13. m is silent in mnemonic and always silent at the beginning of 
a word with mn. 14. n is silent in damn. 15. o is silent in colonel. 16. p is silent in phone. 
17. q is silent in all aspects of the k sound. 18. r is silent in lever’. 19. s is silent in island, 
aisle, debris. 20. t is silent in debut, ballet, castle. 21. u is silent in blood. 22. v is silent in 
of. 23. w is silent in double you and know. 24. x is silent in faux pas. 25. y is silent in say. 
26. z is silent in rendezvous. 


Inasmuch as every letter can be silenced, therefore, so will the intent be silenced. We 
have long assumed and presumed the sounds of our whirreds by another’s definition 
and the habits deeply ingrained in us as children. There are no grammatical notes 
regarding the pronunciation of any letters where we assume what is written versus 
knowing what is written and our intent is owned by someone else’s intent. For me, all 
definitions must be made clear where no assumption or presumption is tolerated. 


As a measure of how much programming we are involved in, simply lift a piece of paper 
with writing on it and see if you can hear the words. So what is the paper really saying? 
Nothing, it is we who give life to someone else’s spell by agreeing that sigils can actually 
talk. Sheer insanity and easy to see how we can be steered and heard-dead where our 
ka-te-el/cattle is used against us and it’s our own doing. There are no enemies here. 
YOPU are the n-M/E...the magnetic/electric mine who creates your reality. 


It’s as simple as holding any document up to your ear and really hear what is being said 
and just who gives life to the spells after all? You are spellbound to the degree that you 
accept and only accept the literal definitions created with the intents of another as their 
spell. Remember, spiritual contracts are made and sealed in the mind first, then the 
physical effect is displayed. In this regard, one is also a psychopath to how polarised one 


is in seeing only good or evil versus the singularity of them both existing at the same 
time where only your perspective changes the interpretation. If you accept a word as 
only a positive or a negative then you are a psi-co-path to that degree so keep that in 
mind any time you call someone or anyone a psychopath because that will be your 
contrast AND the M/E-roar or the mire-au-r...Only the most polarised fill jobs in 
government offices, uniforms and the like because they are following and obeying things 
that harm not only others, but themselves. These are the five year old mental retards | 
refer to walking around the playground with flamethrowers and Uzi’s going off and they 
think that’s a good thing. Psychopaths of the lowest order. 


When you understand that you can change the very intent of a word using sound, you’|| 
begin to see your spellbinding and thus, your freedom from it. Let me share a few words 
written solely based on sound and toss the spellings to the wind. What you will hear is 
far from what is spelled and the literal jibberish | see any single language as being versus 
the god tongue we all can speak and thus, change the intent and the very creation of the 
whirled or spiral around you; literally. Take four exam-pull watt ewe are here-ing know? 
Duhs it sow-nd N/E diff-errant than watt eye was just se’ing bee fore? Ewe like-lee halve- 
ent herd N/E-thing re-mote-lee contra-sting in the for-M/E’s U/V the sound butt aye ass- 
your ewe, gnaw-thing eye halve writ-10 hear is eve-n clause two watt aye am se’-ying 
know is it? 


This is Y won must play shoe and tell with M/E too full E gr-asp mai in-10-shuns. Are ewe 
star-ting two get the picked-your yet? This is Y the let-her chills and only the whirred will 
sept U frea. Wyle watt | am se-ying is cle-ar E-nuff, won can knot beg-in to X-plane the 
grave-l-Te knorr the cigg-niphi-cants U/V thys po-wear. This is wear dreams cum tru ore 
wear knight-mayors X-cyst. When eye rite any-thin-g now, it is writ-N as purr my de- 
Phoenicians wear the in-10-Te is quept se-cure and awl uther spiels are de-s-troy-ed re- 
moo-ving the oar-ridge-in-all psi-N. This is the ma-ster quay of create-IO-n verses create- 
shun. Aye will Cher a phew che fray-se’s that eye luck four and then billed the sent-ents’s 
bach-wards. There is know plaice lie-k hohm. 


Since the literal world is created with anagogic allegory, it becomes easier to create your 
reality with this simple understanding that is intricately complicated. The first thing we 
all have to do is realise that this is a game of “can | get your goat” show and nothing 
more. All of the emotional strings connected to you are as the strings on Pinnocchio and 
what was that quest all about? It is about the journey of a puppet or puppa, depending 
on how you pronounce it but once you start resounding a whirred you begin to see what 


a resounding success really is. Remember, this about listening, not reading since any 
words on a page are dead and only your agreeing to speak them as is, creates the life 
within them as per someone else’s definitions. Ity is time for us to redefine our realities 
according to making god in our own image, after our own likeness as was so clearly 
stated but mirrored by organ-eyes’d religions. 


Here are a couple of key things | listen for. All these prefixes and suffixes mean “mind” as 
per the ancient mystical ways; ship, mined, hood, ment, meant, ent, ents, ence, ants and 
every inst-ents they appear in sound, regardless of spelling. It is the SOUND that creates, 
not the words and why one must begin to hear things as only sounds and not whirreds 
or you'll get spun back in where I’m trying to spin you out. Anytime | see (se’) the 
spellings/hearings of say, se’, ce’ | use the latin form of himself, herself, itself or simply; 
creation. As alreadty shgown, every letter can be silenced where YOU se’e phi-Te/fit. This 
is the 180 turned spell of “fight” into “phi-te. The letters “e and a” are used as their 
corresponding sigils of 6 and 9 in the mirror, the yin and yang. 


The word/sound of love is the law of truth when you know how to pronounce it where 
“lo” can be sounded as law as in to lob a holy hand grenade at the crucified rabbi (rabbi- 
t) where “T” can be the note(know-Te) of love or the cross of cruci-fiction, thus, the true 
double cross. The letters “ve’ “ is truth from verily as shown in the open arms of “V” into 

9, consciousness. The spelling of “nine” se’s it all. N is a letter to show infinite (nth) and 

is used as a con-junk-shun meaning “it’s mine” so nine means my i/eye/aye, my 
creation/t-lo-n. I’m going to keep this one short because you have a little playing to do 
for yourself to unlock your own spellbinding where | can only show you clues as to how 
to see it. l'Il close with pronounce and show you how critically important pro-Nun-see- 
hex-shun it is. Pro, means for in latin and an expert at something. Noun becomes now-n 
or now mine and ce’ becomes se’/say which is create-ion itself so that word now means 
exactly what it intended to mean from source; for my now creation, for now, my creation 
where the sound of shun is removed and the goddess void IO becomes mine and my 
intent as | choose it. There is much more but then the book of life is infinite and the one 
I am writing where l'II leave those who only read from the book of the dead to carry 
themselves out. Easy peasy, much love, kate, the spirit of law-ve’. 


