An Open Letter to Alll....by kate of gaia 
Solstice 2013- Cruci-fiction to Rebirth 


While the huddled masses gather around to obey the traditions that each of their 
respective religions demands they follow, | choose the road of truth without exception. 
While you think you are celebrating one savior or another's "birthday", you have got it 
spiritually dead wrong. For the less astute and the less awakened, this is the time of the 
allegorical cruci-fiction, transplanted by design to have people flowing their full energy 

in the completely wrong direction but then that's what your masters want you to do. 


It is far easier to buckle to peer pressure and keep doing what everybody else is doing 
but then that's because you're spiritually weak; a child of Babylon. Inasmuch as many of 
you who will be getting this may be offended, | care not since to you, | have long been 
dead in your reality and your actions and choices bear this out in your own mirror. So 
many of you ran for the hills, attacked me, stole from me and with intent on your part, 
tried to harm me. That was your choice and | accept that as fully as you must also accept 
that reality. 


The only guilt or anger you feel while reading this is one of your own creation because 
only you can look in your mirror and accept or deny your actions by which you are 
known to the universe. Yes, I've had my shortcomings, my failures and have done things 
never to be repeated; that to me, is the real lesson. Every action or lack thereof is full 
proof and evidence of your intent and only you can see your reflection. There are some 
of you that didn't run yet so very few but | am now surrounded by millions that also 
chose to stand in defiance of our fears, our system indoctrinations and chose a different 
reality more sane than the one the masses lust after. 


What is happening right now is not a birth but rather a rebirth where those of us awake 
to see this truly know what "ye must be born again" was really all about and it's not 
some fictional fairytale regurgitated year after year by robed deceivers even more 
ignorant than you. Alas, you are what you believe where | choose to be what | know. Oh, 
you will whine and rant like any typical fanatic that is emotionally attached to some 


ridiculous dogma unwilling to accept the fact that you are wrong, dead wrong. You are 
the literalists, lost in a sea of illusion and wander as children seeking a master to wipe 
your noses and woe betide people like me ever pointing out your infantile ways. Do you 
not pay taxes and vote for the psychos that love killing others through war? 


That is the exact same thing as donating money to your local pedophile club and getting 
angry that children are getting raped and how do you stop them. Yes, you are that 
insane and are causing your own woes with glee. You worship the Whore of Babylon 
called commerce and feed her constantly, especially at this time of year. You are her 
child, the dead one since "she" has NAMED you and you fully accept your Mark of the 
Beast. A legal NAME makes you a child of this dead whore, the CROWN/Crow-n/Crone. 


| am gifting you truth, one in defiance of your wayward lusts. Your gift awaits you at 
http://kateofgaia.wordpress.com if you actually have the stomach or the desire for truth. 
Go to the writing's page for that or the songs that so many of you know and even had 
written for you. Perhaps you prefer the insanity of this world and prefer to remain 
ignorant but you will do so of your own choice and consent. Unfortunately for you, if you 
choose to look away, the next child that dies as a result of your willful act renders you 
guilty by association. 


| could be gentle about this but the time is over for gentle where | simply love you too 
much to care about what you think of me. Besides, most of you have already left me for 
dead anyway. Even the closest and dearest in my life only react when I make an effort to 
communicate, some with silence, indifference and even malice where | am still seen only 
as a source of money value. Such is the nature of one who chooses infinity over a 
seemingly one pass meatstick life only to be repeated since you didn't find the way 
home. To many of you, | was only important based on what | could give you, be it in 
material sense where some of you disguised this by actually claiming to be helping me 
but then, ask yourself your real motives and you'll see for yourself. Did you really want to 
help me or was there something you wanted to gain by feigning that? Many of you have 
blamed me for your woes even when you knew my real intent but then, discomfort is 
not, nor ever will be your forté. Again, may | suggest a mirror since it has been so 
effective in showing me my own way. 


The cruci-fiction of the sun was on the 21st of December, commonly called the winter 
solstice where the sun is placed upon the Southern Cross. It is "in the tomb" for three 
days, the three days of darkness referred to by the ancient Mayans where the sun stops 
moving on the horizon. The sun is reborn on the 25th of December though your pagan 
masters would have you believe in some literal nonsense because you didn't have the 
eyes to see this. Well, now you do. My only wish for you is your own rebirth should you 
choose this or you can simply keep on doing what you're doing to the detriment of your 
soul where apparently, wars and the slavery of humanity are just peachy in your reality. 


You see, | have been through my cruci-fiction where you now have yours to face. 
Fortunately, | cannot and will not judge another nor can | forgive because forgiveness 
can only follow judgment of another. Judge not lest ye be judged, and wise words to live 
by. How far would you go and what would you do to stop the wholesale slaughter of 
children daily and worldwide? If you knew that supporting any form of legal commerce, 
you are, in fact, aiding and abetting with consent for this to occur. Sadly, this education 
requires some effort though most are content to claim that these things are someone 
else’s problem while you chug back one form of processed poison or another. 


Your mind-traps in fear were beyond evident where many of you chose to accept what 
was written in some news rag by those supporting their uniformed and hidden masters 
versus asking the one involved what really happened. Your programs went into overdrive 
only proving just how effective the schools, politics and religions have been embedded 
in your conscious reality. Given the overall compassionate and loving nature of humanity 
in general, it is far too difficult for you to actually believe things this evil could exist. That 
is exactly what this system and its creators thrive on; your apparent innocent naivety. 


Don’t you find it odd that someone claiming to be free, asserts their honourable 
intentions gets instantly attacked, followed, harassed, kidnapped and their life destroyed 
by the parts of this society that are claiming to be the opposite? Such is the nature of 
this game where people like me, now in the tens of millions, have been attacked by 
those who milk you for every bit of energy they can. Here’s a little real world check you 
can do. Just read your mortgage agreement to see that you are only a tenant because 


the real owner is the bank manager you cut the deal with where you lent them the 
money to buy your house that your “interest” payments are the rent part. For most of 
you, you cannot imagine the level of deception that you are mired in but then you’re too 
busy punching a clock for a master in a job you hate and only have to pay this system 
your life. What little that remains, you lustfully go out and buy every manner of 
commercial nonsense further enslaving your soul, including processed foods that are 
killing you genetically via GMO. 


It is insane that so many of you will be out spending even more money on Boxing Day 
because draining your resources to buy presents due to guilt isn’t satiated enough. Many 
of you have shunned me based on the things | shared but you always came to me first 
when you needed advice regarding many things that served your needs and the system 
illusions. You wanted to be close to me as a songwriter and performer because of what 
you perceived | could get and give you to further your personal gains. When you needed 
help or money with anything and everything you came to me because you could count 
on me. Yes, you reviled me, shunned me, used me and quite literally shat upon me from 
great heights when you’re ignorance, greed and fear finally revealed itself in all its putrid 
ugliness. Yeah, I’d have a hard time dealing with that in the mirror but the truth is, | did 
and actually chose to fix in me all the things | knew were blemished. 


You could always come to me when you needed something, anything because you knew 
| would always help where | could and, in most cases, far exceeded your expectations 
but then such is my nature. Even my closest lifelong friends baled in favour of the one 
friend | trusted the most when he thought shagging my wife was a good idea. | guess | 
never should have shared my problems with him where he only saw it as his way in. 
Perhaps my own daughters prefer that kind of role model just like their mother does. 
Perhaps my daughters’ godparents may take a deeper look into what really happened 

and their own tenant situation regarding their home. It’s not like | haven’t been exposing 
the entire system for the corruption and soul slaughter program it is. 


While most are still stuck in the silly and childish programs of simply following the herds 
of humanity via their pre-set holy-days, their rules of plunder and the like, | chose to ask 
a few deeper, more mature questions. My favourite question as a child still remains 
today and it’s an easy one word outreach; why? Are you content giving up 95% of your 
energy in the form of money while you giggle in the glee of insanity of getting to keep 
the remaining 5%? Far and beyond this literal reality tripe, there is a much bigger and 
more sinister game afoot where most can’t see the real magic of this realm. The ones 
that control you and their system know all too well about this and why people like me 
are so dangerous to their spiritual schemes. 


No, you’d much prefer your physical luxuries, your looking good to your peers. You love 
to have something better than someone else because you have bought into the 
competitive ego versus the spiritual co-creator. You’re happy being the “dead by 

consent” legal NAME that owns you and not the other way round. Everything I’ve 
written here that may be a profound about face in your reality is covered fully, in 
undeniable and proven detail on my website but then you’re too fucking lazy, ignorant 
and selfish to even bother, being content with your assisting yet another infanticide. I’ve 
done the “being popular” game and all that got me was a massing of parasites greedily 
clinging to my apron strings. | won’t even get into my being transgendered either where 
that one is way too far outside the box for many. | know this because | spent a lifetime 
trying to be wrong about my very spirit, never mind the meatstick prison I’ve lived in. 


| have learned that anything that makes people responsible for their choices and actions 
is as a vile poison best left in some closet somewhere and they will fight you to the 
death to keep it that, especially the cops, the civil servants, the lawyers, judges and 
politicians. Yet, you will stand in awe as everything | have shared and continue to share 
will bear out the truth and you will start singing a different tune like | did. Fortunately for 
you, | am the same as any catalyst; something that creates the reactions but remains 
unchanged in the process. | am no different in my heart’s intent as you have always 
known me. | am simply wiser and | flow my gifts on a much grander scale now. Don’t 
worry, you’ll see. | will no longer wait for those | love to call me, text me or care enough 
about me to ask if I’m even still alive. They’re far too busy getting on with their illusions, 
their lusts and all things that amuse them where they have forgotten all the things | did 
for them, gave to them and still have helping them as my wish. 


There is a very rude awakening coming for the masses as this last veil is being shredded 
exposing the central heart of this darkest of systems where we are in a game of 
principalities that you are being duped into empowering. You are literally destroying 
yourselves while you are in contract with the Whore of Babylon. Your left brain monkey 
is chattering away uselessly keeping you anal-eyes-sing where your mind over rules your 
heart. Seriously, who are you going to call when you’ve been kidnapped, robbed, 
imprisoned when it was the cops, the civil servants, the judges, banks etc. were the ones 
that did it? Did you even know that you elect the chief magistrate for a city called the 
mayor and every official within their city juris-fiction is acting for them by proxy? Naw, | 
didn’t think so but now you do. 


Morpheus in the Matrix was a pussy when you get to the game level we’re finally playing 
at but you’re all sleepy children needing your bums wiped by your chosen masters, duly 
elected and contracted with by your own consent. There are countless of us now who 
literally laugh at all those who are trying to get “justice” while still using their original sin 
legal name that has everyone committing fraud by using someone else’s copyrighted 
property. Yup, it was handy being a writer where understanding copyright fiction laws 
was required. Some of you, if you got this far, are probably thinking I’m being bitter 
where the truth is, | am deeply saddened knowing what you are doing to yourselves but 
then there is always countless lifetimes as a slave to suffer through to make sure that 
you might get this one day or simply vanish from existence and consciousness 
altogether. 


While you may be celebrating an illusory savior’s birth that was pure allegorical, | am 
living my own rebirth. As a side note from the Bible allegory book; Christ was saying BE 
ME, not WORSHIP ME. | find it hilarious that so many of you claim to be a “christian” and 
follow churchianity dogma that teaches the exact opposite of what your supposed savior 
(who isn’t coming to save you btw) was trying to tell you. The allegorical Jesus was doing 
exactly what I’m doing now where “he” was crucified for the same things I’m sharing 
with you now. And you call yourselves “Christians”? Lol. We are now in Revelations 18 
anagogically, not literally. That is also on my website. The New World Order that 
everyone has been saying is coming is actually here and has been for thousands of years. 
That’s the easiest way to keep people off the trail, by keeping on insisting that it’s 
coming when people are already under its spell. 


Whether or not | hear from you now or later, you will be eating crow regardless, this is a 
foregone conclusion. There will be countless CROWN servants going to the FEMA camps 
we built for them where they had a choice up until now. Now, their door is closed and 
the harvest they have sown will be theirs to enjoy. What ye sow, so shall ye reap or the 
more common defining of the golden rule which is “what goes around, comes around”. 
You cannot escape your choices and your actions, that is an immutable universal law 
where the Maxim of Law states; “Legality is not reality”. Oh, Woe to ye lawyers and 
scribes indeed. If you can turn off your TV’s long enough to look for yourself, these 
truths will be borne out, difficult as they are to swallow. 


This road is narrow and it’s no wonder why you missed it before but you are being given 
the ultimatum now of responsibility of knowledge where ignorance isn’t and never was 
an excuse for wrongdoings. | can make it even easier where you can tune in every night 
to my show and get information in real time as we destroy the whore of Babylon you 
worship so keenly. There is no fence here to sit on, no almost being pregnant where your 
very existence now is at stake. Congratulations to you if you made it this far where the 
most guilty of whore serving stopped reading or listening long ago. | am willing to let 
even my most beloved of people go since it is their choice. To them, as shown in their 
actions/inactions, | was dead long ago and of no further monetary use. To those that felt 
the need to pick me clean, kick me when I was down, betray me for their lusts and left 
me to bleed in the wilderness, | am eternally grateful because without those tests 
passed, | never would have gotten to this point of awakening this planet fully. 


You will have to be the one to come to terms with your choices, not me. You will be the 
one to look in the mirror versus blaming me for your woes where my only intent was the 
betterment of all. I’ve been that way all my life. To my daughters, sue, my friends and 
family, | bid you a fond farewell until the day you come to terms with your own choices. 
Any replies to this will simply be deleted now since you are dead to me as well in the 
mirror you’re reflecting. To all of you, the very few, who actually stood with me, without 
ulterior motives in your heart, | salute you and thank you for your purity of spiritual 
intent. You are the ones that carried me as | carried you where this world will never be 
the same. Thank you for being a star in yours and my movie. For those closest to me, you 
have no idea how hard it was for me to not simply bow down again to send you notes 
but I had to see for myself just how much I really mattered to you where | now know | 
don’t. 


These are the neutral reflections in my mirror, ones without emotion attached to let you 


see yourselves as | see you and myself. No, the songs | write now are for all, as they have 
always been but without any audible music. | assure you, my heart is singing but you 
have silenced yours and the strains of muse are lost to you fully. You have a choice to 
change your course that is being steered by another’s intent or you can be the Row-man 
for the slave Crone’s boat. Where | was always the one to call first, to be there when 
asked, | am no longer there in the same way that a certain character was asked to 
sacrifice their own child and everything they had. If | had known then what | know now 
as to what | would have to endure at the hands of the ones | loved the most and those 
serving the Satanistic legal/religions (literally), | likely would have never walked this road 
but hindsight has taught me better and why I’m glad I didn’t know. | likely wouldn’t have 
had the guts to walk this road given the perceived cost of it. The good news is, you won’t 
have to where many have cleared away the bullshit of this reality. All you have to do is 
choose either of the following; love or fear, you cannot serve two masters in any realm 
of singularity. 


| bid you all farewell and fair well since | only ever wished the best for each and every 
one of you. My actions of benevolence have shown that clearly. One last question for 
you all. If you knew which cards were coming up and you knew you had a winning hand, 
how much would you bet on it? The only winning hand in any reality is truth and the 
seeking thereof where the universe loves a courageous being and destroys cowards via 
free willed choice. Enjoy your lusts, desires, ignorance, hate, fear, greed and the like 
while you destroy your spirit here in the physical illusion but don’t look for me in your 
next lifetime because | won’t be here. Would you waste your time trying to help you 
again? Nope, me either....London’s bridge is fallen down and Rome is burning while 
Venice/Venus sinks into the Adriatic Sea never to rise again, at least not in my reality. 
Now, back to your pre-sents and celebrating, the dark masters that have you duped are 
loving all the energy you’re feeding them to keep them in existence for you who are 
enslaved, where they’re long gone from me...Demons?...Yes, they are the de mons, the 
“of me’s” so time for a little spiritual exorcise non?....much love, kate.... 


