The Midas Touch by kate of gaia 


For those that understand what a contract really is, the concepts that follow will be easy 
to spot and the relevancy therein. It is not always an easy task to remove people from 
their literal reality brain traps for them to see far beyond a well programmed veil. | will 
share one version of the King Midas Mythology and then have a look at its multiplicity. 


Midas (MYE-das) 


Mythological possessor of the "Midas touch", the power to transmute 
whatever he touched into gold. Midas was a king of Phrygia, a region 
nowadays part of Turkey. One day some of his farmhands brought him 
a satyr they had caught napping in the vineyard. This creature, part 
man, part goat, still groggy and much the worse for wear had been 
thoroughly trussed up to keep him from escaping. Midas immediately 
recognized Silenus, right-hand satyr to the god Dionysus, and ordered 
him set free. 


Silenus explained that he and his master had just returned from the 
East where they had been engaged in spreading the cultivation of the 
grape. Dionysus had brought back a tiger or two, an ever-expanding 
flock of followers and one very drunken satyr. Silenus had conked out in 
Midas's vineyard to sleep it off. Now he was grateful to the king for 
treating him with dignity, and so was Dionysus. The god was so 
pleased, in fact, that he offered to grant whatever Midas should wish 


for. 


Now, you didn't get to rule a kingdom in those days without a pretty 
active grasp of what makes for a successful economy. Midas didn't 
have to think twice. As the simplest plan for the constant 
replenishment of the royal treasury, he asked that everything he 
touched be turned to gold. 


Arching a godly eyebrow, Dionysus went so far as to ask if Midas were 
sure. To which the king instantly replied, "Sure I'm sure." So Dionysus 
waved his pine-branch sceptre and conferred the boon. 


And Midas rushed back home to try it out. Tentatively at first, he laid a 


trembling fingertip upon a bowl of fruit and then a stool and then a 
woolly lambkin. And when each of these had been transmuted in a 
trice into purest gold, the king began to caper about like the lambkin 
before its transformation. 


"Just look at this!" he crowed, turning his chariot into a glittering mass 
of priceless-though-worthless transportation. "Look what daddy can 
do!" he cried, taking his young daughter by the hand to lead her into 

the garden for a lesson in making dewy nature gleam with a 
monotonous but more valuable sheen. 


Encountering unexpected resistance, he swung about to see why his 
daughter was being such a slug. Whereupon his eyes encountered, 
where late his child had been, a life-size golden statue that might have 
been entitled "Innocence Surprised". 


"Uh oh," said Midas, and from that point on the uh-oh's multiplied. He 
couldn't touch any useful object without it losing in utility what it 
gained in monetary value, nor any food without it shedding all 
nutritional potency on its leaden way down his gullet. 


In short, Midas came to understand why Dionysus had looked askance 

when asked to grant the favor. Fortunately, the god was a good sport 

about it. He allowed Midas to wash away his magic touch in the river 

Pactolus, which ever after enjoyed renown for its shimmering deposits 
of gold. 


Beyond the obvious be careful and very mindful what you wish for, there are other 
hidden gems that are contained fractally within as well, specifically in the phonics hints. 
There is a far bigger picture being painted here where people constantly get caught up in 
the actors and dramas that surround any given story and fail to expand or contract 
everything as it applies to all of perceived creation. That’s what a fractal is; can you see 
the bigger and smaller story? The entire program of the whore of Babylon is contained 
in this story, as is the trap and destruction of that trap. It is our very “touch” that has us 
constantly in contracts here with our thoughts, be they wise or ignorant, being 
empowered and thus, made manifest. 


At first, Midas was already well engulfed in the illusion of external value which 


predicated his encounter with the external god that granted his wish. That external god 
is only the mirror of the true power that Midas had within, albeit he was ignorant of that 
fact amidst countless others. In short, Midas was owned by his greed and, in turn, his 
physical ego which only serves the flesh, not the spiritual. 


You will be hard pressed to find anyone that hasn’t been taken in by this lure once they 
were old enough to understand the lie sold as value called money. Midas was already 
well entrenched in the “system” where his choice was a given inasmuch as that was 
where his head and heart was; money worship. The greatest illusion ever sold to the 
masses was this external green eyed monster called money in that once someone has 
money, they will have power as a result. The only one that has any power is the one that 
can control others through this nonsense. The one who controls the concept, controls 
the consciousness of all who fall for this illusion. In Midas’ example, it had to take the 
loss of his daughter for him to wake up to his greed. 


This is exactly the same thing that today’s system is doing via the birth certificate fraud 
where the SEAL mis done at the point we affirm our mental intent contract to even 
touch any system paperwork. How so you will ask? Once YOPU decide, in your mind, to 
do anything and everything, you are already in contract via INTENT and thought. In order 
for anything to come into existence, the thought had to be there first unless you can 
prove reality otherwise. One must choose to get one’s hair cut BEFORE going out the 
door to get it done. Effects ALWAYS follow cause where we have been running that 
program backwards and wondering why we’re in the mess we’re in. This is the mastery 
of problem, reaction, solution. Plant the thought, observe the desired intent of reaction, 
then provide a solution to the original thought implanting to steer the game any way you 
want since everyone here is at physical effect thereof mentality; the child’s mind. 


Midas was easily controlled by his greed so his choice of wanting to turn everything to 
gold based on that greed. Even when he was asked if he was sure about his 
choice/thought/contract, he greedily said that he was sure. This is a reactive mind, the 
lower ego mind in full swing and easy to control. Just imagine a child in the grocery 
aisle/I’ll screaming for what it wants and totally out of control. This is the power of 
commercialism and it’s cohort COMMERCIAL LAW/LEGAL FICTION Phoenician law 
garbage. People have no idea of the power of words and the spells they are under in 
their sleepy ignorance. What is even tougher to watch is how much they will fight you 
for trying to wake them up from this. Unfortunately, like Midas, they will have to 
experience the reality of losing their most precious aspects of their lives, if need be, for 


their own awakening to begin. 


For example, take a cop who likes to abuse people physically and emotionally because 
they have been duped into thinking they are better than others because of some silly 

costume they’re wearing which only proves their intent ot commit fraud daily. Most, if 
not all of these types of people, will never change until something affects them to the 
same degree as what Midas experienced. In some cases, their choices of past actions 

actually cost them their lives where they get to “reboot” back into this game as one of 
the beings they loved to victimize. | wonder how they'll feel and what they’ll say with 

their former reality being placed in the mirror? This is the joy and sorrow of the golden 

rule where the ultimate choice is always OURS to choose. 


The system is Midas and we have all been made the “touch”. When Mum or Dad 
touches the REGISTRAR BOOK/FORMS, their very touch that leaves DNA evidence on 
those papers is the SEALING of the G.I.F.T. (Gamete Intra-Fallopian Transfer) that turns 

the children, us, into system gold; literally. All the clues are there and far too numerous 

to even count now so if your tricky little bastard called ego needs proof, it’s a no contest 
now. Every piece of system paper is intent to contract and all the system needs is our 

Midas touch to give them our gold. Remember, everything here is backwards so the 

more monetized wealth you lust for, the more enslaved you are. The simple proof is in 

the DNA you have, which is your physical and spiritual proof of existence, is shared with 

both Mum and Dad equally with the Mitochondrial DNA from Mum that goes right back 

to the first creation of DNA that we see as physical reality/existence. 


When either of your parents touch anything regarding the birth registration, they are 
leaving their LIVING SEAL or highest covenant and promise as the forensic proof that can 
be connected to you, the child, because you are both of their DNA made one. People 
need to stop thinking only in physical terms regarding contracts because all things 
physical are the effect of cause and intent that is the realm of spiritual or, your thoughts. 
A match will only light after you decide to pick it up and then strike it, never before. Even 
for someone who has telekinetic abilities shows this where that self-same match will 
ignite based on their THOUGHT and INTENT. 


When you begin to see the nature of this, you begin to see the depth of the rabbit holes 
for the first time where anyone tackling things in the physical sense is really only 
scratching the surface. | see some of the most brilliant minds in this game still arguing 
statutes and legal which has NOTHING to do with real law and why the system loves it 
when people do this. We have a planet full of King Midas’s that are actually creating gold 
for the darkest of principalities, namely those that control the whore of Babylon game. 
The whole idea of ownership will have you fighting, with vengeance, everyone and 
everything that interferes with their gimmie gimmie egos. Religions have people flowing 
energy to the same dark principalities in ignorance and full intent. The Commerce 
system works the same way and why | loathe the concept of money because of the 
intent it serves. 


Again, if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out, which is to say, if you’re not part of the 
solution, you are empowering the problem. In this dualistic place, you cannot serve two 
masters because intent is a singularity, unconditional and purest creation. Everyone in 
commerce is King Midas and their very touch is being used to spin gold out of them. | am 
long past being gentle about this level of harm being manifest against ourselves and our 
children. | am done with the mental retardation of those calling themselves adults yet 
still scream as children. The whole idea of growing up was to be able to do what we 
want only to find ourselves just following rules made up by other supposed adults 
where, they too, are even more childlike in the spiritual evolution. When you can finally 
see that everything is backwards here and in the shadow mirror, you'll begin to actually 
see what is really going on and NOT before it. At what point will you awaken to this 
mirror of mirrors and stop playing in the realm of smoke and shadows? 


If you claim anything legal, you are living in a dream-world of another’s creation. Did you 
not register your children, your car, your house etc.? Do you not work for a company 
that is registered? Do you put money in a registered bank? Did you not claim to be dead 
by consent using a registered NAME? If you have any identification, you are assumed 
and presumed dead by consent and always in permanent dishonour. All things registered 
are all things dead CROWN fiction and ALL I.D. created off the Birth Certificate is pure 
fraud and connects you right back to the contract SEALED by your parents. Yes, it was 
the CROWN owner’s intent to deceive, to aid and abet us into committing a crime of 
self-incrimination and fraud which left them in a very precarious honour until we 
unveiled this but you, yes you, have upon you now, the universal obligation to stand in 


OR deny truth. Don’t worry; the universal laws will be keeping you in line voluntarily or 
not. These are the immutable laws of creation that none can defy and why this system 
was doomed upon the inception of the mere thought of it; truth. 


What will it take for you to see this? Your children are already system gold by your touch, 
your responsibility. How many of our children have been stolen, raped, murdered and 
kidnapped in full honour by the system because we give it the power of our consent? 

Have you had enough yet? How many more children will be stolen by your inaction and 
willful consent to be owned and serving this whore of Babylon? Again don’t worry, the 
universe is fully aware of your choices of action/inaction and as a result of the golden 
rule, you will get what you wish for...that is a universal promise and one you will fully 
have to live by. Such is the nature of the game here. Unfortunately the lesser wise of us 
will flaunt and mock these immutable laws to their own demise where my consciousness 
will simply remove them from existence regardless. 


| no longer see physical people where | can only see spiritual intent and consciousness; 
the other aspects of me. So, if mine eye offends me, | pluck them from consciousness 
without remorse needed where they are simply a change of mind, a change of heart and 
will cease to exist in my reality at all. Such is the nature of consciousness and you, but 
then you might have been in a foggy sleep and forgotten this. I’m just here to remind 
you and all that | am all and | choose what is allowed in my universe as | experience it. 
You will be hard pressed to find anyone who isn’t in the Midas default program and even 
harder pressed to find those willing to abandon it even after they know what’s really 
going on. The script writing ability of the left brain will keep people writing fear scenes 
and only because they’re still locked in the programs so deeply embedded. 


People may not like my approach on things and there are many that likely hate me for 
pointing out the things | do to make them fully accountable to their own freely chosen 
and willful woes. Been there, cried the river, got over it and moved along. A good 
measure of this program is evident in the overwhelming victim mentality so many are 
dramatizing and hate it when people call them out on their bullshit. The masses have 
been fully engulfed in Midas commercialism and it’s not difficult to expose their 
programmed greed just liked the mythological star of this allegory. 


It is always the easy answers that confuse people and leave them in a state of disbelief 


as to their own selfish naivety but mostly due to the overwhelming nature of their 
responsibility as to their involvement. The sheer scope of this mind trap will leave even 
the strongest of us reeling in the face of it. The simple fact remains; there is a job to be 
done and you who are hearing or reading this contracted with the universe to get the 
job done. People like to ask me what they should do regarding this or that as it pertains 
to their experience but the truth is; you already know. We are so programmed to seek 
acceptance from others that most won’t make a move without peer approval which only 
leaves them someone to blame their woes on if they do something wrong. 


Ego needs “justifiers” as a fall back and blame someone else position. The ego’s lust to 
be right at all costs is unparalleled because its only goal is physical comfort and pleasure. 
It actively avoids all things that may cause pain or loss of survival comfort and will 
viscously lash out at anyone or anything that impinges physical satiations. In that regard, 
the ego that controls anyone is also very easy to manipulate with any kind of Midas 
carrot. This is why co-intel-pro operations like Swiss-Indo, OPPT, NESARA, Dinar etc. are 
so effective in drag-netting so many people because it satiates the greed, lust and easy 
way out people, especially those who have been in the trenches for any length of time 
exposing this system. 


| find it more than ironic that people are seeking an easy answer to their woes where the 
answer couldn’t be simpler albeit one that isn’t easy and requires a level of self- 
responsibility that they are unused to. Such is the nature of the effects of people 
suckling off the teets of this commerce whore. They know they are drinking pure poison 
to their soul but the meatstick has clenched teeth locked on her nipples. The easiest 
solution is to have an already formed community, such as indigenous peoples who are 
already united as one tribe or another but getting them off the white man’s cock 
requires a bigger lever than even Atlas himself could wield. If they only knew that a 
unified people is the most terrifying thing to this current soul stealing system. 


From my own experience, they prefer to hate people like me who interfere with their 
victim stories with silly things like truth and resolve. | have met a few brave souls in 
these communities but they’re treated with vileness more than me. Sad;truly sad. 
Apparently its way more fun being a drama queen victim than actually living a real and 
free life. Nonetheless, we all need to see the level of the damage we have created for 
ourselves, take responsibility for that damage and finally decide to stand or fall. 


This system has used your Midas touch to take all things real, transfer them to a fictional 


state to steal them and, while you play with them, they will continue to run the same 
show because it’s working quite well. | will challenge anyone and everyone that claims to 
be awake, wants freedom, wants to tear this system down only to be unable to pry their 

own lips from the white man’s cock/whore’s tits as well. | am long passed being gentle 
about this and | will simply remind anyone that tells me | need to not be so harsh as | tell 
them that the freshly raped and murdered child is now their responsibility for not being 
as fervent as I. We have to be the voices and actions for those newly silenced children. If 
| am not doing everything in my power to stop this, I’m as guilty, by omission, as the one 

who actually did it by enabling this dark realm to persist. 


No, Midas got let off the hook lightly because Dionysus was “a good sport” but | assure 
you, the thugs in real life aren’t so “good sporty” about it and they are salivating about 
the next target that humanity enables by being an active participant via supporting the 
whore by playing full on without making active strides to ice this bitch. If you can 
understand the “domino effect”, you are just one of the dominoes in the row keeping 
the chain reaction humming along. We have the answers now to deal this whore called 
commerce/legal a death blow but few are willing to take their game to the last level and 
will enslave their souls yet again as a result of complacent inaction where it is always 
someone else’s job to do. That’s where you’re deadly wrong on the spiritual side. 


There is no-one coming to save you, you're already here. There is nothing anyone else 
can do for you that is yours to do; your responsibility. The best way to Say it is like this; 
regardless of what you do to stand in or deny truth, you’re going to get a universal 
lesson out of it, the proverbial catch 22 of damned if you do or don’t. This reality is 
about standing up to these scripted fears and then wiping them off your checklist one 
baby step at a time. If you choose to stand in truth at all costs, the Midas touch becomes 
one of a different nature and one that benefits mankind versus enslaving it and yourself 
further. What you do here is mirrored as above in the spiritual realms. 


Our only game is to see if we can handle it and climb back up Jacob’s Ladder. What we 
cause below, manifests above and vice versa. So stand up and free yourself or be content 
to sit quietly as the slave you’re wishing to be and take a long, hard suck on the spiritual 

poisons from mama whore and papa cock but be quiet about it. Remember, children 
should be seen and not heard right? There’s some truth for ya if you can handle it. If not, 
too bad so get out of the way while the grown ups finish the masterpiece that you will 
never see; such is the nature of having to come back to finish off what you keep failing 
to do. Me? I’ve had enough of this monkey whisperer reality where the psychos run the 


asylum where the next dead child is your fault. Try crying over that one and you'll begin 
to get a notion of my own passion to stop this. Personally, | would have left Midas to his 
choice for a long time to make sure he never repeated such a thing. That’s what a real 
good sport does, one who loves enough to see the value fo life without greed. Much 
love, kate 


