The Merry-Go-Round by kate of kaia 
This Key, | offer all equally, unconditionally, infinitely 


Life is a fickle game, literally a phi-cull game. This is the realm where we come to play 
and get caught up in the dramas and distractions to see if we can finally let go of them 
to see this. The amount of drama you have in your life is the quintessential mirror of 
your woven webs. In essence, you are on a suicide mission which is easy to prove if you 
think you have a tombstone with your "I'm mortal" name on it waiting for you (the all 
caps version proves you never lived and remained “legally dead” by choice) or if you 
choose to finally be immortal. The ego balks at such a thing as being impossible but then 
| leave the realm of believers behind in the age of Pisces or pie-ces where | prefer the 
Aquarian waters of truth. 


You will know the shift in your own consciousness to the degree that you get that last 
statement or two. When you see it, your eyes will grow large like saucers and a calm, 
such as you've long forgotten will wash over you. This game is a one by one versus a 
mass awakening but then such is and always will be the savior program of the many, too 
afraid or lazy to do the work to step off the merry go round and continue to seek 
another to "save" them. That's not how the game works but the good news is; If you fail 
to become immortal this time, don't worry, you get to come back through the same 
lifetime in groundhog day fashion. This might be a good time to stop being affected by 
the past because you're just going to go through it again in a different time line loop. You 
will repeat the exact same things that you remain a victim too until you see this. 


When you can see the infinite realities and timelines that all exist now, it's easy to see 
the game-plan. You only get so many kicks at the same timeline until you short out your 
loop, drop the current body and return to the instant of your birth to start from scratch 

all over. Ever experience deja vu? Let that sync in for a moment. You can remain as a 
victim to the same woes over and over until you learn to see what the contrast was 
trying to show you. Now you have a choice as to whether or not you will deal with your 
dramas in the “now” or relive them over and over until you've finally had enough. | grow 
weary of the supposed gurus of this realm who spew the same old ego rhetoric and 
haven't a clue as to who and what they really are. People are so involved in other 
people's dramas that they never notice their own until usually, it's too late. Reboot. 


All reality points lead to the now moment regardless of their perceived location because 
every start point at birth has the thread that reconnects to the main line or 
consciousness trunk line where it's up to you and every point of you to thread back to 
the now. Imagine a tree where the roots and branches merge together and then you'll 
have the visual of the toroid/Taurus fields weaving infinitely together, see the 
toroid/Taurus field we all play in as one, separately. This is the ride of the universe and 
depending if you ride this coaster screaming or hands up baby and all points in between 
is indicative of your spiritual growth and development within the game of the mind. 
Dramas and debate are the realms of the ego/Id/I’d mind or the no go, | had mind. You 
are in the NOW moment if you are reading or hearing this. You are fully aware of 
yourself NOW where most are in a dream-state to this reality. Infinite versions of you 
exist in all realities, all possibilities, all inevitabilities where nothing is impossible and all 
things are I’m possible. 


The more one remains at effect to emotions of the past, the more one recreates that 
timeline becoming that reality revisited until you can cut the strings of Pinocchio that 
keep you as a wooden/would-en/would-mind/would-n or simply “my would do mind”. | 
cannot stress enough the reality of the magic contained in the phonics and sounds that 
expose this fully. At first you will find it difficult to believe but the more you do this, the 
more you see it as pure magic and the surrealism of our playground. Let me expose 
some of these so-called “coincidences” by breaking down Pinocchio phonetically. 


Literally, Pinocchio is just a character in a play or movie as portrayed by Disney etc. This 
game is about AWARENESS not KNOWING inasmuch as you know all things and are 
simply in a state of forgetfulness or not in a state of wearing/a-ware-ness. So let’s break 
it down into sound components first such as Pin-o-cchi-on or pin-owe-key-owe via the 
Scylla-Bulls or the hydra of the taurus field. Interestingly, by “coincidence”, the hydra is a 
single celled organism that both eats and shits through the same orifice/aura-phi-ce’. I'll 
start with “pin” where it can be sounded “pine” from the pine-cone or pineal/pi-kneel 
gland. It can also be pronounced “pen, pon, pun, pan” since every vowel can replace 
every vowel via the “rules” of pure grammar. 


As an example, if “ea” can sound like “ee” in bead, it can also sound like “ee” in bread 
changing the sound AND the intent of the sound to “breed” so, in effect, you are using 
all the rules to break all the rules at the same time. This is the singularity of language 
and spells. Take for example the energy you may react to if some says “suck my cazzo” 
versus “suck my cock” where one sound affects you and the other doesn’t because you 


are not PROGRAMMED via language in the other sound yet they BOTH have the same 
INTENT. To me, cock is “caw-k or cau-k or caulk etc. so the words and assumed spellings 
in the mind do not AFFECT me where | have redirected the intentions contained to ones 
of MY choice, NOT by another’s programmed definitions. 


So, back to “pin” we go. Pen means mind from Welsh meaning “head” or from Latin 
“penna” meaning long feather. It is also something to rite with in the form of a “quill” 
and so on but if you do a little research on that word you will quickly notice how it 
pertains to the mind and the intentions of the mind. What else has quills or cue-ills 
where Q is the egg and sperm in picture form or the sound that says what your position 
is as in “take your cue on the stage”? The letter or sound of “O” is one of all creation to 
me, the womb in which all things are given birth and wings depending on the intention 
and awareness of the spells you utter/udder/give milk of life to every day. The sound of 
“chi” is simply key where the remaining “C” is the all accepting womb/note/creation 
(se’) of unconditional love so the word pin-o-c-chio is now REDEFINED in my reality to 
mean “the mind of creation of unconditional love(law of truth, law-ve’) is the key to all 
creation. 


Is it a coincidence that the whole story/allegory was about a wooden puppet, formerly 
dead/asleep on a quest to become a real live boy? It is the allegory of raising oneself 
from the dead (laws-are U/S or the laws of magnetic-electric) on the quest of 
immortality. How’s that merry-go-round working for you in the literal world? This is 
about deconstructing the “spellings” to their core truth where the literal is the mirror 
opposite of truth. Such is the nature of the game. When we use only the prescribed 
versions(truth shuns or ver-se-lO-ns) of the singular dictionaries in only ONE language, 
we exclude the intentions contained within the sounds of all other languages. Sound is 
the universal creation and universal solvent at the same time. For anything to be 
created, something must be destroyed and anything destroyed becomes a new creation. 
It is only the intent that separates these two equal and opposite things becoming a 
singularity accordingly. 


Even seeing what | am seeing and experiencing what | am experiencing is difficult to 
fathom most days, so | fully understand how overwhelming this can be going from aha 
moment to aha moment in rapid | movement. This is why | tell everyone to breathe 
where too many cooks/thoths, spoil the broth where this soup cooks all by itself in the 
silencing/silence-sing of the mind. Abel is a perfect chef or key of Fa, the note of the 
heart and all she wishes for is for us to simply let go and be silent to allow creation to 


serve this meal/M/E-all so sit back in the Kab of all-ah and enjoy it. Yes, this merry-go- 
round can be very distracting, fearful, entertaining with all manner of reasons to have 
the urge to think and that’s why it is so difficult for most. The singularity of the mind is 
perfect in that we all want to solve our problems anal-it-I-call-y but the left mind, just 
like the wrong heart anus will serve you nothing but shit for your Cain fields. This is why 
my own lust for silence can be taken by many as my ignoring them but the truth is, | 
simply don’t take crops grown in the Cain fields fury-till-eyes-ed with shit birthed 
through the wrong heart. 


Hopefully, by now, you’ve had a few “aha moments where you’re beginning to see the 
thread | have found that runs through all creation, connecting all things in all ways. 
Inasmuch as all Rhodes lead to ROM, so must all Rhodes come from ROM and it all 

depends on which Rome/ROM you serve; the physical literal or the heart of all creation 
(anugogic without the G hex...anu-O-l-see). The key to the game is to remove ALL 
emotions from programmed words since every word means what you intend it to mean 
and the exact opposite anyway so where’s the debate? The debate will only be found on 
the cerebellum lower mind which is the mind of war, connected directly to the reptilian 
brain stem. As an example, David Icke reports on reptilians in the literal sense where | 
see what he is doing from the allegoric/anugogic view. These are the dramas that 
everyone gets caught in because they are blinded by their literal minds in the apparent 

“obvious” putting in their intent “L’ making them oblivious sending them into constant 

oblivion. Let’s take a better look at that whirred shall we? 


ob- ® 


prefix meaning "toward, against, across, down," also used as an intensive, from 
Latin ob "toward, to, over against, in the way of, by reason of, about, before, in front of," 
from PIE root *epi, also *opi "near, against" (see epi-). 


And then insert the live-ion sound. Ob, as a prefix, like “con” means for AND against but 
let’s go a little deeper still with the sounds. Lie and ve are also equal and opposite in that 
one is a lie and one is truth, ve’ from verily. Lie is also/all-sew pronounced as “lee” 
meaning the calm side of a ship/mind and the “V” is a symbol with an all from above to 
below intention by its very shape. If you look at the keyboard of any computer you'll see 
the ^ on the 6 key which sends the hex from below to the above. Simply put, the as 
below is the physical, the as above is the spiritual. So what we put out via our taurus 
fields within (mouth) is what gets created without in the creation taurus field. We are 


the ones folding time and space within ourselves and the whirled we create around us; 
fact. The feminine creation field folds in, counter-clockwise while the intent, the 
masculine anu rotates outward projecting the creations. For an example of this in the 
macro fractal, the Orion Nebula is a male anu ejecting stars exactly the same way a male 
ejaculates into the void of the feminine micro. The energy created within during orgasm 
is the feminine energy in both male and female body illusion manifestations here. 


This will explain the pen-chant desires of clergy to sodomize/sew-dome-ayes/sew-silent- 
eyes young boys because this intention ALWAYS creates within the feminine void within 
us all, regardless of how it enters that field. As | have said for many years, this game is all 
about energy, the intentions behind it in that this is what creation does. The one that 
owns the intention creates the children of Thoth as shown in the hex of G-O-M/O-RA. 
The true worshipping of RA is to sow the seeds of intent via Rho-roe/eggs from the 
below to above A. This is why the Egyptians, the slave owners, were so anal about all 
procreation ceremonies where they knew the truth about how creation really works 
energetically. So while you waste your time in the distractions, your world is being 
created for you and the chaos ensues the longer you don’t understand the power of 
creation herself. 


This was the power of the two spirit that they were terrified of because the one who has 
balance becomes the rainbow bride/bridge with the silenced hex where ALL things can 
be created using either the front door or the back door to creation. While some of you 
may wince at the notions conveyed, this is the programmed emotions that blind you to 

the energetic creations. In that everyone is source feminine within, all are masculine 
intention without. Just like any computer, it’s garbage in, garbage out and, vice versa. 
This is a merry-go-round of interweaving energies coiling in and out where the divide 
and conquer was convincing humanity that only women can create life held in such 
illusions as clan mothers etc. Granted, children can only be grown in the Virgo of women 
literally but ALL humanity has a Virgo womb and it matters not to the unconditional 
creation field as to how the intentions get there and what they create physically or not. 


One has to get far beyond the physical illusions to see the energy of creation itself where 
the “itself” is androgynous, neither male or female AND male/female at the same time. 
This is the singularity of creation where the itself is the birth of the Thoth from the 
herself/himself union, regardless of what perceived illusion of “sex” you are. Remember, 
sex is between the legs and gender is between the ears. If you want to see the proof 
phonetically of the genders game, just remove the hex of G to find the cross-heirs of the 


enders ame/aim...N-ders Am-l or the infinite “god” am |. Replace the G with the real 
sound of K and look again at the SAME thing being said phonetically with sound drawn 
from any/all language/accent intentions. Kenders Kame or Ken-ders Ka-M/E. Ken is 
Scottish slang for “know” and Ka is Egyptian for spirit personified with Maknetic/Electric 
androgynous “me”. Deeper still we go. Maknetic takes on a truer form when sounded 
like Make-n-knee-T-l/eye/aye-C/see/sea becomes a sentence like “create infinite christ 
consciousness in the law of truth(T = love) | see with my eyes to see saying thereby 
creating unconditional law of truth. And all this time you thought it was just one 
whirred? 


The letters E and A are critically important to me because of their role they play. The 
lower case “a” and “e” are 6 and 9 in the mirror or the energies of yin and yang. It is not 
a coincidence that they are both used as prefixes to mean “not/knot and no-know” to 
create a hidden negative intent. | simply changed MY intent as to what | wanted them to 
mean coming from MY Virgo womb and Leo heart/anu. This is the answer to the riddle 
of the Sphinx by the way, if you can see it and one that has long eluded mankind though 
not surprisingly based on what | had to experience in this life to find it. The common 
thread that unlocked all the mysteries is found in the pure magic of Phoenician where 
your own Phoenix will rise from the ashes/H’s where your E/A’s are sent via the H 
shortening your Eta’s or E.T.A’s. It’s only you that are holding yourself back and that’s 
only because you’re not going into the womb of creation in silence. This is the reason 


why Caesarian Sex-shuns are happening defying/uncreating natural order. 


Every forced thoth from the monkey chattering left Cain field is the same thing by trying 
to force the birth of an idea versus simply letting it come naturally. My bet is that 
regardless of what some meatstick doctor will tell you, that baby is going to come in its 
own sweet fucking time with or without their scalp-El or natural intention scalped. It’s 
funny that the white man came up with the whole notion of scalping that caught on with 
the ones they were scalping and, in turn, blame fell on the ones originally being scalped. 
This is the standard operating procedure of the media etc. or the sow the mirror of the 
speed of spirit backwards...from SOP to POS. 


| prefer breaking the P spell with the Key of Peter itself replacing the original intention of 
Rho, spirit breath in lieu of the P/mirror hex. See how this knew intention works for you 
now...SOR to ROS or sow spirit breath of spirit breath of divine feminine. There are those 


that create NAMES to corrupt natural law to shape the intent and worship of this mirror 
to create their world. What exactly does George SOR-ROS mean to you now? Soros ( a 
mirror spell btw) with a first name full of the Masonic G hex that reads as fall-lows: “The 
hex of consciousness into creation with spirit breathing the hex of consciousness 
Sorrows/Sore-owes/S-arrows(quarrels). 


It’s enough to make anyone quiver with plenty of quarrels/quarry-Els and stay in this 
Mary-O’round or Mare-E-G-O round huh? Look what you find right in the epic-enter and 
the start of the yellow brick rode/Rhode/road. As a final thoth, perhaps you may 
ponder/pawn-der the sheer coincidence of the movie “Ender’s Game” that came out 
recently if you hadn’t twigged on that clue prior. The more savvy of you seeing with your 
ears did and are likely watching the movie already as | finish rite-ink this. Funny that 
PeteR becomes ReteR when you give your own spirit breath a leg to stand on so now 
your “XY” chromosome becomes “XX” and the “double cross” ReteRn’s...Naw, the 
spellbinders days are done, knew/new reality once you see/C/Se’ with your own whore- 
eyes-on. 


Yup, creation is a whore-U/S and she’Il birth everything unconditionally once you get 
your O-psi-rho-U/S and your Is-Is working in ba’al-lance. All you have to do is bail your 
own ship/mind out and the phonics/sonics is you Be-you-Ket-to love or bucket. Your 
“bucket list” or ship sinking is done but then you have to make that choice where | 
already have. Stand in truth, regardless of illusional threat or consequence fear because 
that is the only quest we’re on. You can take all the clues you want to set you free or use 
the clous, French for nails and get busy nailing yourself to the other cross. T-N-t, the 
note of the law of truth or the cross of cruci-fiction. Didn’t Christ the infinite “N” have a 
Thief/thief on either side? The one that chose Truth got the Ka-B ride or Ka-Bride Ho- 
M/E and the other got an all-expense paid trip back to the Mar-EGO-round..Round Ho 
day or Ground HoG day, your choice...He-X/quay, She-X/key and En-key, it all depends on 
your sister n-ear-who-saggy-taurus, blind to sound...mwahs, ka-te 


p.s. Inter(to be imprisoned)State 60 or in-ear-stay-Te 90, | just took my X-it...you? 


