The Long and Short of it....by kate of gaia 


It has been a long road to get here. It has been hard 
to come to terms with many of the lies and fictional 
realities we have been so carefully trained to believe 
in. The biggest hurdle of all was in the realising of 
the need to let everything go and to unpack the camel 
that it may pass through the eye of the needle of the 
Emerald City's walls. A physical reality is a tough one 
for most to step aside from and seek the inner workings 
of self and all but it is a necessary step lest one 
remain in the circular traps so perfectly set for all 
of us. 


We live in a world of commerce, a world I call the 
whore of Babylon both from the physical and spiritual 
perspectives. In order to be owned, one must give up 
mind, body and soul and I am most unwilling to do so. 
It is a world of make believe fictional characters 
created for each and every one of us where a few have 
seen the means to take hold of all the strings of this 
puppet world where those of the masses unwittingly, yet 
willingly, perform for these most cunning of "puppet 
masters". We have all been deceived where so few, now 
becoming the many, are awakened from this long lasting 
sleep having eaten so hungrily of the apple the witch 
of Babylon has offered. 


Oh so many have been duped and beguiled of this 
mistress of deception where we have fed upon each other 
to the glee of those pulling your strings. And while we 
can talk of blame and injustice, it is we who must face 
the mirror and come to terms with the fact that we, not 
they, are the true problem. The issue at hand is one of 
ignorance of self, the unwillingness to see into our 
own lives and face the mirrors of the darkest 
reflections. We will fight and we will cling to all 
that we think of as right and just whilst we, at the 
same time, are the cause of all our own woes. 


For me, it was not a matter of how to lay bare the 


dishonour of so many that was already obvious, it was 
more a matter of how it was me that was allowing it by 
being more in dishonour of the truth. Ignorance of the 
law is not a defence of or from the law, that being the 
universal, natural kind, not the man-made fictional law 
that works to mimic it. It is difficult to play any 
game with an adversary that will change the rules 
inasmuch as we give them the power to do so. We are as 
children in this regard. When one grows up, one decides 
the game unworthy of even taking it out of the box it 
deserves to remain in, such is the way of Pandora. 


So, where to begin explaining this game from its 
physical and spiritual mirror perspective? I like to 
begin by reminding myself that the physical realm that 
surrounds us is the illusion where only cause and 
effect clues reside. There are no answers in it, none 
whatsoever. It is merely the game board of 
consciousness where some have mastered it and use that 
knowledge for malfeasant purposes, flying in the face 
of creation while embracing creation at the same time. 
Some may shout " Dichotomy!" but the simple truth is, 
all opposites are the same and only differ in degree of 
the observers willingness to see it. Yes, the mess 
you're in, is your fault if you have the courage to 
face that. 


As for the examples of that, one need look no further 
than the religion of the legal system and, indeed, 
nowhere else. The truth of the matter remains that all 
things legal are all things religion inasmuch as the 
legal system was borne of it. The earliest 
courts/churches were and still are the basis of the 
same systems today where there is no separation of 
church and state, period. They are one and the same and 
their purpose has been unwavering in its control of the 
masses for countless eons. That reign of terror, 
however, is finally over. Only when one begins to see 
the connection between church feigning spiritual and 
state acting as physical can one begin to see the true 
divide and conquer. What is most profound is that most 


within positions of assumed power are owned more 
completely than any slave of the common realms ever 
could be. 


A slave understands freedom where one who thinks they 
are free is the most trapped of all. Even the reference 
to their religious garb and political robes are called 
the trappings of office. Nonetheless, the finely 
programmed egos of these beings keep the clearest of 
truths just out of range of their most narrow vision. 
My search was one of a very simple nature in that I had 
to find the one thing that every human on earth had in 
common, would take them from cradle to grave in that 
commonality and, something they would defend to the 
death for assuring a permanent state of fraud on their 
part, and no one else's. The biggest clue was found at 
the end of their lives and it can be found on the 
tombstones of the many that never lived in the eyes of 
the system. It perfectly matched the only document ever 
offered freely by any church, state or government. 


The design of the trap was so perfect in its efficacy, 
it made us make slaves of ourselves and any attempt to 
fight for freedom would always result in our own fraud, 
our own contempt of court and inevitably, our 
belligerence and circular vengeance. The slavery had to 
be freely given on our parts and in our ignorance. It 
had to be something that fed the ego of the 
belligerents and the coffers of the clergy and all the 
while, they retained their full honour in universal law 
standing. While the masses fight for what they think is 
right, they feed their own fires of hate, discord and 
division. The more injust the system would get, the 
harder they would fight empowering the very system that 
is feeding off of them. 


The litmus test for this is quite easy to see and it 
will be the ones fighting this concept that proves the 
worthiness of the trap rendering it inescapable for the 
majority. This is the Chinese finger trap in full bloom 
where the harder you pull to extricate yourself from 


it, the more it holds on until one tires enough, 
relaxes their grip and voila, your fingers escape 
easily. There is a reason why the fangs of a serpent 
are pointing inward in that the more the prey struggles 
to free itself, the deeper the fangs sink in and why it 
is best to avoid the snake in the first place non? So, 
what could be so simple as to permeate this most 
perfect Chinese finger trap on humanity? For the astute 
and for those that have listened to me speak or read my 
writings, you already know where I'm going but for 
those less aware of what I speak of, the answers, was 
and always will be, the NAME. 


I will share a few perspectives on this to aid in the 
observations of the trap where many of you may scoff. 
Always keep in mind, I care not what you believe and 
neither does the truth, that's a simple fact. I have my 
experiences where this has all been laid bare for me 
and I have shared this truth for years now, albeit 
getting easier to share with people seeing this or 
themselves. You can spend all the time you want in 
their courtrooms but there is only one certainty you 
can ever expect and that is the fact that the courts 
are their game, rigged to their rules and they want 
everyone to play because it is guaranteed that they 
will win every time and "lose" a few just to keep the 
lottery illusion alive that on occasion, someone wins a 
case or two. This is the same philosophy a carnival 
gamer uses. They love to let people win their useless 
junk because the profits far exceed the expenses. Same 
things with the courts so who is the carnival clown 
then? 


There will be many that still won't get it after they 
read this but it is my hope and intention that they can 
swallow enough pride and ego to find the keys that will 
set them free. The chains that you think are binding 
you are the very ones that you keep firmly in your grip 
where all you have to do is let go....but many of you 
won't and to your own peril and so be it. Where the 
true power of the NAME comes into play is the sudden 


realisation that everything you've worked for, 
everything you own and everything you will ever own up 
until you let go, was gotten via fraudulent means using 
a name that does not belong to you. This is a very 
tough pill to swallow and many of you are already 
choking, will spit it up and go on doing what the 
puppet masters want you to do. You will continue to 
commit fraud, day after day and you will be happy to do 
so as long as you keep getting your trinkets and scraps 
using a stolen identity and fraudulent, worthless 
pieces of debt paper. 


The system had to get us to aid and bet in our own 
fraud to retain the upper hand of honour where we were 
always coming forward with "unclean hands". It had to 
be "sold" to us in such a way as to we would see the 
benefits and miss the tricks and dive headlong into our 
own fraud and fight to the death to maintain it. Ah, it 
is so easy to control a child with treats and they 
don't have to be big ones either, just treats is enough 
most days. To bring this into perspective, let me share 
a few fundamental definitions of words for you without 
going into the deep etymological sources, suffice it to 
say, been there, done that and cracked the code to the 
very letters. Let's take a look at the word "register" 
for example and what its real meaning is. There are two 
very clear words there for me, the first being "regis" 
which is Latin for "to rule" and "ster" which means 
"creative, divine, feminine essence" and is akin to 
"star" where you can at once see the relevance of 
“Starr contracts” from Black's Law 9th edition. So, the 
word means quite literally "to rule the divine 
feminine" or creation herself. 


Many of you who may be versed somewhat in "legalese" 
will recognise the term "pro se" which means to speak 
for yourself in a court setting. That translates into 
“for himself/herself/itself” and if you don’t believe 
it, look it up for yourself. The word "prosecute" 
translates into "do not pursue" in legal realms where 
its mirror in mainstream think is one of going after 


someone in court, to prosecute. The truth is, they 
don't have to pursue anything because the mere fact 
that you are in a courtroom and don't know who you are, 
is sufficient to convict your sorry ass for contempt 
and id-entity theft of intellectual property that was 
freely given to them. I'm sure much of this is not 
Sitting well with you but then it's the warring nature 
of the ego to want to fight, flee or freeze since it is 
ruled by the reptilian brainstem. Only when we decide 
to raise our level of thinking into the higher brains 
can we begin to set ourselves free. 


Allow me to share a few facts as experienced by myself. 
On that document, the only one ever given to my parents 
regarding their deal with the devil called the Birth 
Certificate, it states quite clearly: "WARNING: A 
CERTIFICATE IS NOT EVIDENCE OF IDENTITY yet go and try 
to get any state ID without one. If it's not meant to 
be used for identity, then what the hell is it for? It 
also says "CAUTION: THERE ARE OFFENCES RELATING TO 
FALSIFYING OR ALTERING A CERTIFICATE AND USING OR 
POSSESSING A FALSE CERTIFICATE. © CROWN COPYRIGHT 

It can be easily seen that if one were to use this 
document for such a thing as identification, one would 
be creating a false certificate and then possessing it. 
I can get into all measure of what it's used for such 
as bonds creation, money creation, allowing for 
Signature hypothecations etc. and on and on but I'm 
interested only in its fundamental purpose of tying the 
living spirit to the dead fictional realms. The birth 
Certificate is actually a Death Certificate. 


We can also go on and on discussing all manner of legal 
attributes as per the hopes of those that designed the 
game to keep you looking everywhere but within so I 
won't even bother and if that's where you want to go, 
you're missing the point yet again. I've been where you 
are, I've made the legal arguments ad nauseum and I 
assure you, that is exactly what the system wants you 
to do because in doing so, they keep you fighting in 
their courts, their system and ultimately in their 


religion of Ba'al worship with the whore of Babylon 
owning your sorry asses every time. You can talk to me 
all day about this document and that procedure, this 
tactic and that remedy illusion but for me, the fact 
remains; how are you going to do this WITHOUT using 
their NAME? The fact is, you can't and it was designed 
that way. 


There is but one thing left to do and one guestion left 
to ask any court: "Who owns the NAME?" I already know 
the answer and so do they. The trick is getting you to 
BE the NAME and DO things in their image of you THEY 
created. We can go into the Roman Maxims for things 
like "silence equates acquiescence" or Qui tacet 
consentire videtur. He who is silent appears to 
consent. Jenk. Cent. 32. where there is also silence 
upon the deceiver and thus their own acquiescence to 
committing it knowingly or unknowingly. Fraus est 
celare fraudem. It is a fraud to conceal a fraud. 1 
Vern. 270. and Fraus et dolus nemini patrocianari 
debent. Fraud and deceit should excuse no man. 3 Co. 
13% 


I prefer to use simple analogies in that the one doing 
the stabbing with a knife also turns the knife upon 
themselves as per the golden rule. In a nutshell, it 
works like this. Mum and Dad, not knowing any better 
and trusting in others to not harm or defraud them have 
been told that it is customary to register their 
children with the state and/or church, called baptism. 
Regardless, there is no division of church and state in 
that they are one and the same as previously stated. 
The clergy of old were the courts of old and thus the 
judges and lawyers which became the BAR society and, of 
course, the governments and lawmakers as a result. In 
essence, the foxes are guarding all the henhouses. The 
parents, having done what they thought was right and 
being trusting never assumed that anyone could be so 
evil and devious as to spiritually kidnap their 
children from them and had no real questions to ask and 
no truths of what was really going on was given. 


Shortly thereafter a document called the Long form 
birth certificate is created which is the original 
fraud and then a Short form was also created which 
creates the fictional corporation or dead 
thing/person/strawman or whatever you want to call it. 
Bottom line, the Short form is the proof of the fraud. 
Mum and Dad, being none the wiser as to their actions, 
keep using the NAME they gave up for adoption to the 
STATE by addressing their child with it, convincing the 
child that the NAME is theirs when, in fact, it is not. 
Mum and Dad are guilty of aiding and abetting their 
child into fraud absolving the STATE of dishonour UNTIL 
this disclosure is asked for. Indeed, who owns the NAME 
now? It certainly isn't you and the sooner you get that 
concept, the sooner you'll stop aiding and abetting in 
your own frauds and being possessed by your 
possessions. Did you never wonder why they refer to 
belongings as possessions or repossessing things? 


The original fraud goes back even further with Mum and 
Dad getting married in a church or through a government 
office. Did you get married in a church and sign a 
marriage license? Then, if you did, the church AND the 
STATE owns your marriage and everything done within the 
confines of that contract and it IS a contract of a 
most spiritual nature, have no doubts on that. Now, to 
get a little deeper into the spiritual traps here, one 
must ask oneself as to why the system goes after the 
feminine creation aspect and here's where I'm going to 
lose a lot of ego driven uber-programmed churchianity 
types that can't let go of the most insidious program 
of all regarding the patriarchal control of their 
minds. Dare to read on if you can and see if you can 
get past all the dogmas and indoctrinations that have 
been slammed into you since birth. 


When one understands the true nature of creation, one 
will quickly see that it is the feminine that brings 
forth creation, not the masculine. It's even spelled 
out in Black's Law 9th for you if you can read it. I am 
adding it here for your perusal with an explanation of 


its more ethereal and spiritual bindings. 


* ward of admiralty, A seaman - so called because of 
the legal view that a seaman, in contractual matters, 
should be treated as a beneficiary and the other 
contracting party as a fiduciary because of the 
perceived inegquitability of their bargaining positions. 
[Cases: Seamen (;::J 1.] 


I am the stock of my Mother/Father, self-evident in the 
blood/aether in my lineage/veins, mitochondrial DNA 
"delta 9 Lucifer delta 10 mdna" from my Mother which is 
prima facie evidence of my bloodline (rhAt+) where my 


Father is the beneficiary of any/all ascendants borne 
to him. The Father (semen*) of any/all borne to him 
render him the beneficiary only, whereas the Mother is 
Fiduciary. 


This where one needs eyes to see AND ears to 
hear....Seaman/Semen is merely the word trickery the 
courts and the masters of deception revel in. If anyone 
asks for me "give me your name" I have but one simple 
answer and that is "no, but I will let you hear my 
customary calling if you need a sound to reference my 
physical body by". Here's why I will never GIVE anyone 
anything without my intention to do so willingly 
because here, as below is also contract, as above. It 
was said to me once by one of the lawyers from the CITY 
OF LONDON, STATE BAR MEMBER that "here, it is ALL about 
contract". The use of the NAME, without explicit 
permission from its rightful owners, The CROWN, is 
engaging in fraud and the use of stolen intellectual 
property as confirmed, in voice and in face to face 
conversations with an embassy official of the BRITISH 
HIGH CONSULATE, OTTAWA, CANADA that it is, IN FACT, 
fraud to do so and why I was able to procure an 
emergency passport as a result. 


I have been lied to by more so called officials, legal 
types, judges and politicians than I'd care to count 
and the one thing that they all have in common is that 
they know they're doing it and where I revert to "Fraus 
et dolus nemini patrocianari debent. Fraud and deceit 
should excuse no man. 3 Co. 78." rendering all frauds, 
null and void, nunc pro tunc upon its revelation. What 
I did learn over time was how to ask the right 
questions to corner them by getting them to be doing me 
harm otherwise. Questions like "Is it your wish that I 
commit fraud?" or "Is it your intention to aid and abet 
me into committing fraud by using a NAME that clearly 


does not belong to me?" These are the mirrors they 
cannot stomach because they know what they are doing, 
many of them and especially the ones that claim to be 
"just doing my job". 


There is much joy to be found in their frauds however, 
once they are mirrored back because there is no 
limitations placed on a fraud regardless of how long it 
takes to expose it. That is the joy of "nunc pro tunc" 
or "now for then" which eliminates the time aspect 
bringing all crimes into the now for all to see. For 
those that still can't see the truth in how it is WE 
who are aiding and abetting in our own fraud, let me 
clarify it for you further. Here are a few questions 
that you need to ask yourself honestly, the truth 
cannot be denied within no matter how hard you try to 
convince yourself otherwise. If you cannot face up to 
these realities, then you are not awake or mature 
enough to be considered enlightened, sorry to inform 
you. My mirror informed me nicely and no, I wasn't 
happy either. 


Here they are..... Do you have any government ID 
whatsoever such as a driver’s license, a passport, or 


anything of that nature? Do you have a bank account or 
credit/debit card? Do you have any loans or mortgages 
with contracts in the system? Do you feel the incessant 
need to fight in courts? Do you sign things like 
checks, applications or any manner of paperwork? In 
short, do you use the NAME on the birth certificate 
every day in all your transactions and communications? 
If you answered yes to any of these questions then you 
are committing fraud, are in contempt of court and are 
seen as a belligerent. 


People ask how the cops get away with beating people on 
the street and I say it's easy; they're beating up a 
criminal who insists on committing fraud by virtue of 
the IDENTIFICATION they carry and how they procured it 
of their own free will choice to go into a fraudulent 
contract using a NAME that doesn't belong to them. 
Unless of course, you think that writing checks on 
someone else's account is a good and lawful thing that 
is. Anything and everything ever created in your 
universe using the NAME on the BC DOES NOT belong to 
you....PERIOD and like Bill Hicks says, "I can hear 


your inner dialogue, you're wrong, get over 

TEIA G o Until you can face up to the fact that you've 
been duped grand scale, you will continue to fight a 
losing battle with the whores of Babylon because of 
your "mark of the beast" and they know it. 


They have you right where they want you; in permanent 
dishonour until the question of "Who owns the NAME?" is 
the first question asked if you must go into court. For 
further understandings of how the courts work and get 
their power beyond this most basic truth. In order for 
the dark principalities to control this place and our 
lives and minds, they must take our creative spiritual 
energy to give them the energy these vampires require 


to continue. No, this is not just a physical game and 
truth be known, the physical is the smallest percentage 
of it where the real power lays hidden to the blind. 


I know many of you may finally start to see the gravity 
of this situation and are asking yourself what to do as 
far as getting back into honour. The first thing that 
needs to happen is to wake up to this reality and shift 
your intention. It is too easy to become overwhelmed 


with all the situations and entanglements you have in 
this life but have some peace knowing that you have a 


new perspective as to your slavery and how you're being 
made to serve it. Changing ones intention requires the 


baby steps doctrine and only doing the things you need 
to do and can do easily, step by step. for some of you, 
calling up your bank to have a chat with a bank manager 
regarding who owns the name/account etc. You may wish 
to ask some CRA or IRS branches some of the tougher 
questions all the while making sure you commit them 
into aiding and abetting the frauds. 


It's really quite simple that without the NAME's being 
used and more importantly, SIGNATURES being given 
period, this system and its vampires starve literally 
overnight. For the more spiritually awake and astute, 
you will already understand that the signature comes 
AFTER the intent/spiritual contract and not before it. 
Actions always come after thoughts. I f you intend it; 
it 1s CONTRACT without another thing being physically 
done. I am going to add another article at the bottom 
of this essay that is what I sent to various government 
offices etc. to get my intent out there because I know 
the power of intent where the cause and effect is 
already rippling through the universe. Always remember, 
ye are gods and you've been duped out of it for a very 
long time and have suffered immensely over many 


lifetimes. Time to wake up once and for all..... the 
truth is, lose the NAME, end the game so we can all get 
back to being the incredible creators we are and not 
the mindless slaves we became. Much love and light, 


kate of gaia....... 


p.s Why it is important to understand what a gift 
really is: GIFT: a voluntary transfer of property made 
without consideration, that is, for which no value is 
received in return. The essential components of a valid 
completed gift of personal property are: competency of 
the donor to understand the nature of his act; 
voluntary intent on the part of the donor to make a 
gift (called DONATIVE INTENT); DELIVERY either actual 
or symbolic; ACCEPTANCE, actual or imputed; complete 
divestment of all control by the donor; and a lack of 
consideration for the gift. A transfer that constitutes 
a gift may be of significance in several TAX contexts. 


For example, RECEIPT of a gift is excluded from the 
GROSS INCOME of the recipient, but the transferor may 
be subject to the unified estate and gift tax. 


DONATIVE INTENT (Black's 8th): the intent to surrender 
DOMINION and control over the GIFT that is being made. 


DOMINION: having BOTH title to AND possession of 
property; having CONTROL of both ownership and use. 


1.Given NAME...... incompetently given by parents due 
to non-disclosure....voluntary only on a deceptive, 
non-disclosed basis and fraudulent intent by the 
deceivers nullifying intent on the 
go lon stoners ere mre ee nuff said with dominion and how this 
sews up neatly..kate 


