The Court Ship of |.D.'s Fodder Act To, Seen Wane'in Too by kate of kaea 
(Third essay in the "An Atlantean Halloween" series) 


It's the wedding day and my oh my doesn't Mom and Dad look proud as 
their little legally dead whore makes his/her way into the chambers for their 
‘prima nocte' visit with the choice to come back if they like how their REAL 

mummy and doubty Satan and his Whore-let of Babyloan buries it Ba'als 
deep for them. Here comes the bride, here comes the.....eeeew! and yeah, 

the kids always sleep on the we-ate spot but the black blood in the 

moonlight usually dries by morning when the booty is stiff. These aren't just 
some random coincidences by the way, | deliberately write Ko-in-side-ent- 

says where the only war my inner child had with me was my going along 
with the slaughter of all the other child sparks in everyone else, some are 
lit, many are snuffed out long ago. Life, the child within, does not exclude 

itself form all other life, that is the one carrying this child within them that 
makes all the choices and the child, all of the child sparks suffer or prosper 
accordingly. When | say prosper, I'm not referring to physical lust of wealth 
or moon-eye, I'm talking about the real riches of life; immortality, there's no 
"morning after" pill for this creation either and that life sucking demon child 
you just conceived within only dies when YOU kill it within. You just have to 

imagine how guilty you'll feel AFTER you've already "done the dead" 
BEFORE you go back to bed with Satan's family called Legal Styx and 
Stone people little piggy. 


You know, thanks all the same folks but I'll move out on my own first and I'll 
choose my own bride/groom that ISN'T a dead drone, hive mined, legal 
zoom-bee ZOM-Be, the mirror reflection of M/OZ or i.e.Be-M/O/Z, that is 
be the modus opera-un-die of OZ, 1 pure OZ of gold, 1 KRT pure 
diamonds and Emerald-s (psi) where you passed through the last phase of 
carbon becoming that diamond where only seconds ago, you were 
graphite; the same stuff you write legal name 666 carbon beasts with to 
match the 666 carbon meat suit you're carrying your child of life around in. 
In heaven's reality you are both mother AND father for your child, that 
which you think of as physical life living where the physical part is actually 
dead Adams requiring Eve-n more Elect-trons to keep it from collapsing 
into the balck hole it dug for itself, namely Satan or whatever you like to 
use to get the concept of personified pure evil walking around in Halloween 
costumes everywhere with real guns and fictional paper puppet strings to 
destroy and steal to their black heart's content. All they need you to do is 
become totally dependent on their physical trine-kits available only through 
legal name Babyloan complete with the V.A.T.-eye-con on the same say'El. 
By the time you've "wrapped your" head around the rules in crazy 


Babyloan law law land here, your ability to trust creation, at its promise, 
becomes tactically....difficult? 


By the time most people wake up to this fact, they're well entrenched in the 
game with homes, cars, families, friends, entire realities, jobs, careers, all 
their life's work to build something for them and their families and so on. | 

am one of those, was one of those and to such a degree, | know many 
would have drooled endlessly at one of the many temptations this life has 
offered. Broadway, Nashville, Business, Family hero (physical sense only) 
etc. and then some each offering fame and fortune in its own way but, 
lucky for me, that wasn't to be my way. My way was Kate and kate only, | 
didn't have a choice, not in this world anyway. to be anything other than me 
was a lie and in the end, all life's little curve balls that steered my away 
from these opportunities did me, and quite frankly, all of us, a favour, a 
HUUUGE favour so | know how truly generous creation is; | get to keep my 
child and many others get to keep theirs too. If | had have denied my true 
self, you wouldn't know me, wouldn't be reading this and likely still 
wrangling in the circuit of the legal remedy knight-mare riding you whirled. 
That one's easy to prove because you have lots of seemingly intelligent 
people that have been in this particular walk for years and I've told them 
countless times that it's illegal to use a legal name and in their supposed 
legal prowess, they can't connect a fraud to a fraud??? 


It's no wonder Satan's crew gets pissed off with these monkeys where 
some are in jail, between visits or working REALLY hard to be legal and 
vengeful spewing cons-tit-two-U-stuns or puking some bible belt middle- 
west yee-haw-dissed's on their way to jail or a grave. Either way doesn't 

really matter to them but they do prefer feeding on the living and why 
charges for murder require an am-mere-l-con X-press to squeeze every 
drop of life out of you tyhat they can; vampires can only drink from the 
living tree of life and make the ones that remove food from their parlour a 
main couer-se. Blood tastes sweeter with fear, depression, rage, lust 
where when exhaustion sets in, nice quiet feeding on each other. All 
vampires lust for blood and they even teach non-vampires how to be just 
like them and the Ab-Ra-Ham child sacrificer (that fucker was GOING to 
slay his own child until god said whoa asshole...| was only wanting to see if 
you WOULD be so ruthless and blind as to kill your own child ya fucking 
moron demon.....) they war-ship with. These dopes love their names up in 
lights by stealing the glory of truth with phrases like "the god of Abraham, 
the god of Moses, the god of....insert name here" star-doom seeking 
demons. Life is truth, truth is life and the truth is, without life, how would 
you know what truth is if you didn't exist first? Seems folks have their 
priorities in the wrong order putting their ideas of life, in the life they were 


granted by creation/truth, ahead of creation's idea of life as they merrily go 
along slaughtering everything they can get their greedy little demon hands 
on. 


They empty the seas, the jungles, the forests, the skies, the B.A.R.-n 
y'are'ds and the playgrounds of life by the supertanker load and humanity 
is wondering what's going on with the world today? For that answer, they 
turn to their favourite talking head at 6pm channel to see what the need to 

think of next and be assured that their job at the child killing munitions 
factory is still running full out. They'd look at things differently if they were 
the kids overseas that get to play catch and hide and seek that vital organ 

that's holding the lump of lead they fastened to their brass ring in last 
weeks shipment to the murderers in uniform killing everything all legal like. 
Do people not have mirrors in their homes anymore or are they just used 
for vanity purposes to get front office jobs at the local jet fighter factory 
where they might not have to suck somebody off to get the job but look 

pretty anyway kinda mirrors? As most people know that know me, I'm 

beyond KRT with how | address reality in my KouRT where my KiLT 
switched left to right SKRT where | found the white rabbit's KRT in the one 
KRT gold, diamond and emerald psi-Te within, where | KTR the party, RKT 

hear and RKT there where the TKR is really the giver/X-vert/Te-n pure 
heart/truth (ta-Che-Rho/Tav-X-roe, the life of life source itself)... T'aRK of 
the covenent, know Oz aRKT-i-c, TRKR of Rabbi-!l.D. holes and Rabbi-!.D. 
daughs/dogs with the Te-R removed missing the Special K, the 4th one 
that completes the KoRT-i-c Key, che, X, quay, qui, chi 4 leave cloverfield 
of Shame-rocks where truth removes all Shams and Shame from the flee- 
se’ of your Chamois. They can only LEGALLY hunt you and it's only you 
that makes their fraud legally possible; you have to commit fraud first and 
the legal name you're using? Ain't yours, never was, that contract had 
nothing to do with you, you weren't there so now you're a 3rd party 
interloping fraudster and it all goes downhill from there. Yeah, I'd hunt a 
piece of scum like that too but I'm going to ask you first if you know it's 
illegal to use a legal name and your reaction tells me everything I'll ever 
need to know about you, all in under 5 seconds flat, perfect for flat earther 
2 dimensional Styx paper dolly people thingies or whatever the fuck you're 
called. 


Nothing but a bunch of bookworm-woulds. This is the "worm-would" that's 
talked about in the bible and easy to spot; they love to squirm in and out of 
the gray matters in their "made of clay" heads...the grays....they love to 
steal and make you think you owe them something for doing that...to lien 
you....a-lien...gray aliens and very de-gray-dead to the point of self- 
annihilation. They live in the upside down, broken in two save for one ear- 


lobe between them gray matter clay worm-would dead heart, dead oak 
tree spelled B-reign they have hidden in Brain. Unfortunately, all of creation 
uses one code called sound that takes on ALL forms of visible AND 
invisible reality. It's a little hard to see a word flying through the air where 
it's easier to turn up the frequency so high it becomes light, and then 
pictures, and then form, in that order. This is nature's phoenix called 
phonics and is the ONLY tool that defines every word in BOTH intentions 
of the sound, REGARDLESS of how you spell that sound in any language, 
what the squiggles of that language looks like that make the same sound 
between two or more people (when two or more gather in 
my/truth's/creation's presence, shit REALLY happens, you're just not Abel 
to see it, there's someone Cain-Ba'al-eyes-ink your soul) where THAT 
establishes a common law between them and all others who join thereafter 
where the legal/religious (Same church, darker robes in the weak-daze 
churches called courts) world has the once common with all man law 
called golden rule splintered into millions upon millions of fractals called 
canon/Caan‘an law, Tall-mud(clayman)-i-c law, Shard-e/a law, Ad-mire-all- 
Te law, law of the high seize, heist ease, iced-e's and so on but the 
phoenix always catches their worms because a rotten worm loves good 
appelles and the je m'appelle legal name anything is the worm. The worm, 
by it's woulds and woodents do's/dues ACTIONS/REACTIONS tells me 
EXACTLY who they are with EVERY move they make and EVERY word 
they say in CONJUNCTION with each other. 


For the less grammatically astute, it goes like this. Your words AND actions 
better be in lock step with each other where this all seeing "I", me, sees 
EVERYTHING U-Do because | only use the living mind in my chest, not 

my head. | only use that part to convey my heart's wishes, brain function is 

flat lined where yours may still be flat/2D lien-ink two-ers of Pi-sir! This way 
| have a completely unobscurred by programming point of YOU point of 

view sitting write here watching your every M/O-vie. Mom lets me sit in the 
directors seat a lot more these days, just had to get used to the Styx and 

the CRSS-winned's so she let's me drive more as l'm ready to steer more. 

Creation ALWAYS has her hand ready to take the stick back but once you 
learn the handling, you only give it back for a break once in a while now. 

And there's another thing these monkeys have ass backwards; since when 
does the masculine/masculine physical push babies out? That was for 

CONTRAST purposes only from the literal reality perspective to show the 
concept of "boys don't have babies, girls do" in the physical but people 

forget that the physical split is the spiritual split manifest in physical form to 
allow for this or any other reality to exist at all. Creation is feminine, the 
ACTION/INTENTION of "pushing out" is masculine where the combined 

forces pushes out THEIR child/creation etc. The arrogance of Satan 


(concept/birth of evil in the mirror opposite of good), the bastard child has 
his robed merchants and Pi-ed Pi-pers of Ham-Lyin plastering cocks on 
source feminine and slinging them to crosses of all kinds. 


This is why people are-soul fixated on attaching cocks to "god" references, 
turning truth into a Cain-Mail meatsuit form where the unforgivable sin of 
making "god" in man's image is EXACTLY what the first FOUR 
commandments emphatically and clearly COMMAND you never to do, 
same applies to the whole "christ/anti-christ" debate debacle where a 
"personal savior" is built in physical form in people's mineds (tune-El 
vision) somehow absolving them of their "signs" of the "father"(heart 
choice) where they'll be heir-lift-dead to heaven. No, the Ham-Burgers 
(ash-am mount-tain, dead mirror mount/whorse/stuffed dead) are the ash- 
ams in the ash-Rams and Sin-Og-Gog's, the Masques and the Chur-X's, 
C-ash-ur-C-ash's (ash is H in French and remember, | deal in SOUND 
things with a SOUND mind, not spellbound thinks in spellbound inks, kinks 
and death that sty-inks). Here's the trick kids, if you're using the legal name 
as part OF and IN Babyloan law law legal schiz-oi!-1.D. versus in the 
physical reality of Babyloan unreality getting the word out to others letting 
them know it's illegal to be a legal anything, never mind the "you're going 
to Hell literally for it" truth of truth's bit you real eyes shortly after you 
CLICK! on this truth, then you're in bed with you're own dead mummy and 
doubt-e, mummy and daddy pumping demon after demon out of you like a 
real bad version of "Deliverance" and Ned Beatty gets pregnant from his 
Seick Heil Billy Goat King and you're the WHY????-Te Whorse called 
Knightmare Gas-B.A.R....... There's gonna be a lot of stunned religious 
fanatics, not like they're not already stunned, in every whacky Waco Delhi 
serving Lox, stalks, and B.A.R.-rules flavour of evil justifying thinking that if 
they just do what the robed servants of Satan (knowingly/unknowingly and 
really, someone claiming to be a man/woman of any god should fucking 
know better where simple logic shows it...duh??7) tell them to do, they'll 
be.....saved? 


Sure, just carry on with your carrion ways and your carrion lug-gage, 
raping and fucking the world and ALL life over, as you were, just be nice 
about it???...Nothing funnier than a priest or the like preying for soldiers 

praying with them before and after their murderous little killer quests, | 
guess they missed the "thou shalt not kill" thing too or why else would they 
be preying along with killers? Well, there's gonna be a lot of ALL LEVELS 
Christ-stains, Muss-El-I'ms, Hind-use and Jew-witsches filling their dead 
world Moses-O'Liams and ALL the other LEGAL NAME DEMONS death 
park cement-aries with animated, obviously heartless, meatsuits like 
Orangemen (nice jumpsuits fly-buoys), Purple people eaters(Robbing 


Hoods) and Green Lime-ERII's when they find out there isn't a single anti- 
christ but themselves to pin their crimes on. Replace words like god, jesus, 
allah, yaw-whey with truth where anti-christ = lies. These are CONCEPTS, 
not meat suit saviors some fallen Due-bagger Jew-n-buggerer has literally 
FOUR-se'd YOU to be a be-lie-ver using your childlike in no sense and 
ignore-rants trapping you between the worlds of lies and truth....a be-lie- 
ver duality. 


One who walks in truth is a christ mind with no |.D.- yaw-weigh anymore by 
removing that |.D.-yeah! from their foreheads and from their hand. All those 
that remove the mark of the beast are walking as the character "je-suis 
Christ" just like in the story where the M.O.B's (men of black) get called out 
that use legal RIGHTS to commit every manner of wrong, Hyde-ink their 
Jack-El's behind the Union Jack Double Cross read and blew blood stain- 
ink their white n-sign that says "Never Surrender!" to creation's will and 
prefer the Orangeman Will-l-am killers motto, found on many walls in 
Belfast along with his white whorse, same place U.S. Pre-cide-ents and 
pre-cide-ink judges dwell. One who is truth (no strings binding them to 
Legal Babyloan a.k.a. legal name |.D.doll war-shippers) is deemed 
"christ/cries-Te, their own voice, their own couer-Te of law, all will 
surrendered to creation's gameplan and one who is anti-christ is one who 
walks in lies, legal name, Babyloaned reality. So as much as | want to 
laugh when | see |.D.-oughts trying to pin the anti-christ on one or more 
people OUTSIDE of themselves, it's sad that they can't even look in their 
own mirror, to overview their choices in life preferring to look the other way 
and simple pick up a pitchfork and torch and go hunting because one of 
their legal masters said "jump, suit" and they put it on, criminal orangemen 
scrubs, just like their sur-G/E-ans/of the physical lust serve heart. 


If you are a LEGAL NAME user and believer then YOU are the anti-christ 
going along with all the others that are your fellow anti-christs where 
stealing, killing, adultering, idol worship-ink etc. is OK as long as you call 
stealing:"taxes", killing: war mon-grrrr-!nk, adultering: legal divorce, and 
idol war-ship-ink, sitting idle whoreship-ink where apparently it's OK to say 
"fuck you! creation and your ten commandments" so like | said, | sure hope 
these christ-stains understand why creation says fuck you back and they're 
left standing around like every other demon when the "wrapped your" heart 
pops by and misses you because of the evil you're wrapping your hearts 
in.... Heaven knows what's wrapped your heart because truth unwrapped it 
first. But don't worry, there's thirty thousand guillotines in the U.S. alone so 
you'll get a second chance to be tested seeing as you couldn't cut the 
paper doll's LEGAL NAME head off your neck, and well, heaven REALLY 
wants to know if you're Sirius or not.....I'll keep my 5 bucks on this bet and 


not even offer it....paper guillotine or M.A.D-adam-n's guillotine? You are 
living only in mind of flesh, not the flesh-ette self, it's dead without YOU 
non? So if you can't spot the dead |.D.yaw of yours-elf, the little print-cess 
that you THING you are, then the thing you think you are becomes the 
think you thing you are and that thing? It has Satan as its owner so unless 
you're really diggin’ the Hell idea, you're gonna need to Ve'-kate the 
premesis first with the premis of "It's illegal to be a legal anything" by Va- 
kate-Tink in truth. Grab the paper guillotine in your mind and heart and 
purge that demonic bastard legal name from every corner of your heart 
and do it quickly. What you do in the physical matters not if it's knot done in 
the heart's bow-tie. 


Where Hell and Satan don't care one bit how they clean your life source 
out, at least heaven gives you the easy way out where the only "fight" you 
have left is the one with the demon within you trying to steer you through 
all manner of physical lures, desires and impulses that are ALL attache'd to 
their beast mark. By the way, it's illegal to use legal names you 
know?.....any problem understanding what "ill-eagle" means? All the veils 
drop when you just see the truth of this legal fact of fraud at Satan's sore- 
se’ where no legal argument in any of their bullshit courts can stand 
against it; they KNOW t's a legal fact and they went to GREAT lengths to 
make sure you'd never know it either because now they own all the guilt 
they tried to sell humanity. Unfortunately, this truth wipes out every 
imaginary cent they've ever created via the Birth Certificates child of life 
kidnapping because ALL the moon-eye on this planet is based on that one 
fraud upon ALL of humanity, I'm just one who caught on, first as | recall 
seeing as it's taken me years to get people to hear the truth over the din of 
their greed and fear. Yeah, i had the same issues too eh? So anyway, after 
the "rapture" you missed but swore to everyone you were saved according 
to Rome's rules? They bow to the Loonied-Done-l....ummms?....too every 
time they get asked "did you kill that? !!!"......1....ummm?....mmm....yeah, 
none of their Black's law books in heaven either....one rule and it's pure 
fucking gold so we'll stop by on the way back to pick up the ones that had 
the Ba'al's if not the brains to snip themselves from the dead world of legal 
paper, circumcised of the flesh (dumb fucking Jews hacking off Kali-mare-e 
rings to munchkin on translates into..."here god, here's the end of my dick, 
that cover it?" god answers.."No stupid, that's what it was put there for, to 
cover it, sheath your sword thingy") means to REMOVE yourself from this 
world's lusts and temptations, to remove yourself from Babylon the 
EASY/e-see/say way vs. the ESAU/e-saw/sow...but Sirius-lie, using a 
paper guillotine is obviously much more comfortable I'm sure than being 
strapped down on a grrrr-knee for the most intense shave of your life...this 
puppy cuts ALL the hairs of your head, from the Adam's appelle up A-pall- 


lOW...... the clock's ticking where your ticker is broken apparently for that 
echo moment of hearing me say....sure, didn't | fucking tell ya? and how 
many times have | been right so far?....yveah, 100% because TRUTH is that 
smart...you just have to be smart enough to stand in truth and truth does 
all the heavy lift-ink....true story, to be continued.... kate 


