The Dealers Choice by emma swan 


People often ponder over the supposed "hand they've been dealt" as if it was someone 
or something else doing the "dealing" here. Somehow they imagine "bad luck" as a 
result of this erroneously, dealt by another's hand in their game where the truth is, you 
do all the dealing and shuffling here. Unfortunately, in a sleepened state, all you have to 
deal up are the minor arcana where the major arcana cards were hidden from view; 
heaven itself deals those once you sit back and simply play the game where the illusion 
of ruling it to "win" has you trapped in a circular, Luciferian delusion of grandeur. 


And really, how does one go about explaining the sheer simplicity of this where so many 
are entombed in a false, non-magical reality? This world has spent countless hours 
programming all of you to the point of disbelief in yourself, your reality but mostly, your 
imaginations have been clamped down like any parked car parked too long in their 
"danger zones" of legal line, flat earth paper-sea programs. In their world, you play 
Euchre with the limitation of a 9 as the highest numbered card, regardless of suit led, 
you lose. That's how they play; by removing any potential of a "lone hand" in their 
reality IF you use THEIR cards. 


Perhaps you should be dealing your own cards from your own table since there's is 
nothing more than a 3-card Monty loser's paradise. And yet you will argue with yourself 
and others around you to find some sort of reason and logic in a game that has no 
rhyme, let alone rational reason. You only learned to play cards with a 52 card deck 
which is only the total of the minor arkana cards with a couple of fool's/joker's thrown in 
as wild cards but that is only the first card of the major arkana playing against itself, fool 
on fool, joker on joker and it's all wild/whiled/wyle'd/why-L'd from there....when you 
begin to play with a whole deck including the 22 cards of the major you won't be the 
one playing that everyone says is the "they're not playing with a full deck are they?" type 
of insane being anymore. 


where "not playing with a full deck" insinuates/in sin u eats one is verifiably insane. that 
is the basis upon which humanity operates and has operated on all along. Nor is it your 
place to "save" anyone. The garden of eden is the allegorical planting grounds for those 
with a little bit of the garden still retained in their hearts. Those are the fertile soils and 
the truth magic beans take route/root instantly where the dead fields of Canaan cannot 
grow such a thing. They are barren of child within and already dead so there's no point 
in whipping a dead horus/dead christ child after all. While many appear to be a gift, you 


have found time and again they were nothing more than a trojan horse virus in the truth 
reality creating a tangled web and matrix of lies. They have told the lie so often, they no 
longer can conceive of anything that is true and will fight vehemently to show you their 


heart within, blackened as to coal. 


Only when you step back from this card table of doom where a winning hand is not 
possible, will you allow for the real dealer to step in with the master number of cards 
being 22. Only creation itself knows how to play this game against Lucifer inasmuch as 
their heaven’s cards to begin with. This is where their Trump Tower falls in euchre and 
their royal flush made up of 3 in the set with two fool’s to play that hand, and all they 
need is another fool to play unwittingly. No, the true royal flush is a naturally dealt hand, 
complete in every way, no fool’s needed knowing the fool’s were conquered within long 
ago. All one has to do is step back, breathe and let creation deal your fate/heart of the 
truth in consciousness a perfect hand every time. Do not let the illusions of experiences 
that may be uncomfortable, creation just wants to know if you’re truly serious about 
your faith or simply another faker to the point of doubt finally taking over and sends 
them back to hell. 


This is the cold, hard truth in a beyond harsh reality of insidious evil that permeates 
every filthy corner of this physical soul harvesting ground. Soon, there will be no souls 
left to harvest where death will finally have to confront its own creation, without life, 

devoid of soul, with no survivors to ever tell that hideous story over and over, ever again 
The true quality of mercy is in its own mirror of merciless in that knowing evil is forever 
merciless so therefore must be true unconditional love. | have no concerns over 
anyone's "feelings" here as it regards to this insomuch as the whole idea of what feelings 
truly are have been subverted to the basest of levels of sadistic lust over and in all things 
physical. That earth passes away now and they with it. 


The only answer ever needed in the infinite searching was one of trusting faith alone in 
the faith of truth and that ONLY truth can and will set you free, once and for all. This 
"Christmas" is an entirely different reality where those of you that chose the only choice 
there was, truth, are the allegorical "baby Jesus" as portrayed in the anogogic story of 
the Christ walk and this "Christmas" is YOUR birthday, your child is born again as was 
promised aeons ago. This is not one cartoon characters birthday as was so profusely 
programmed into humanity, this is YOUR birthday, finally.......yes, it's going to be a 


different christmas this year, this will be your SECOND coming christmas....Tonight a star 


is .....YOU....born....true story....1 love....OK.....the last words Kate ever uttered to 


you...she KNEW and she now knows that YOU do too...true story...your deal now...which 
deck on which ship are you choosing?..Emma Swan 


p.s This year, it'll be heavenly gifts you receive...your just desserts, the just desert finally 
crossed 


