The Fifth Element (part 1) by kate of gaia 


We can talk about the four fold nature of man and reality as illustrated all day long via 
earth, water, air and fire and claim love to be the fifth element but I've never 
encountered much regarding the true definition of love. We can begin to put love in the 
mirror and see “evol” which sounds a lot like evil so then both must be equal and 
opposite. So very few of us are able to actually confront that which is evil inside us and, 
as a result, have a lesser and skewed concept of what love is. 


Nature is a perfect allegory in all ways once one sees it and simply allows it to take its 
course to the full circle it represents. I'll use a seed to illustrate this hopefully a little 
clearer. We can hold a seed in our hand of an oak tree in the form of an acorn and know 
that all the elements of building an oak tree are programmed into that seed. We then 
place that seed or acorn in the earth, cover it and place it in complete darkness void of 
light and air. 


We then water that seed to activate the program where water is the allegorical truth 
that seeps deep in the earth and the seed. It is at this point that the seed begins to reach 
for the light and thus, the air. Upon breaking through its darkest time, the fledgling oak 
breaks through to the surface and enters the sunlight and the air and begins its long 
walk to full grown oak building ring upon ring over many decades getting life from both 
of its branch systems; as above, so below. 


At the end of its life cycle, the oak tree in all its glory ceases to give forth buds that 
create leaves and acorns and eventually falls back to the earth from whence it came. 
This is the point it begins to become immutable where all of its energy collected still 

remains where it cannot be destroyed, merely transmuted from one form of immutable 
energy to another. This can be a long drawn out process as it returns that energy to the 
earth or it can experience a quickening. 


This quickening of sorts comes in the form of the fourth element called fire. It can be the 
result of a forest fire or someone collecting the wood to use as a fuel source but one fact 
always remains. Even when the oak wood is burnt, its immutable nature remains as ash 
converted by the heat of the fire and that ash, in turn, gets returned to the soil to begin 
the cycle all over again. Such is the immutable nature of the physical universe made 
manifest in all its glory. 


I'm not sure why people think of themselves separate from this process where the very 
earth we live on contains all the immutable aspects of all life that has ever lived on her. 
Some of us choose the transmutation of fire over the slow decay that the vast majority 
accept until they too, have chosen their own quickening or trial by fire. This is why the 
Phoenix rises from the ashes, from the fires of its own immutability where it has been 
pared down to its most basic form; pure essence of spirit where all the illusion of 
physical reality is burned away. 


To further illustrate this, let's look at the true Phoenix or phonics to shed more light on 
the sound based nature of creation itself. Only those with eyes to see and ears to hear 
will fully grasp what it is that | am trying to show and tell. The words of our reality 
contain all the clues if one is willing to break the spells of the pre-existing definitions we 
have long been programmed to accept as immutable where they are not. | have heard 
many variations of "why did the chicken cross the road?" where I have answered that to 
my own Satisfaction; because it wanted to and had no reason not to save the former fear 
seeds planted by another. 


It is not coincidence that the letter "H" is pronounced "ash" in French nor is it a 
coincidence that the Greek letter "Eta" is written as an "H" in its upper case form and an 
"n" in its lower case. One needs to get a little more creative to see beyond the surely 
bounds of an indoctrinated mindset. Just by chance, Eta is the 7th letter of the Greek 
alphabet where its 7th position in the western alphabet was supplanted by "G", 
ironically the Masonic symbol or the Mother-Sound temple. Seven has long been 
considered the "god" number favoured most where the master number 22 divided by it 
gives the true Pi value of 3.142857 to infinity. 


The letter "H" is also symbolic of the dual nature of magnetic and electric bridged and 
can also be seen as a single piece of the DNA strand | like to refer to as "Jacob's Ladder". 
If you are not beginning to see the magical nature of this world then you are truly blind 
to how all things are ultimately connected. Let's now go full circle back to the seed, the 
oak, the Phoenix, the fire and the ash and have a slightly more creative right brain look 

again. 


The "ash" after the fire is the metaphor that shows that only your true god self is left 
and only then can you be the Phoenix to rise from those ashes. If god is love, truly 
unconditional love, only then can you rise from your trials of the fires of experience that 
ultimately forge your own reality. The ashes that remain are the immutable parts of you, 
the unchanging and purified elements where all the rest is burnt away where you 
become the most fertile of spiritual soils where creation can begin anew in much better 
soils for your seeds called thought. 


What gets burned away are all the things that stop you from rising and they are aptly 
named; emotions which is to say, no motion or no mote-ions. Inasmuch as a mote is a 
spell and something that surrounds your castle to protect it, the intent contained in the 
commonly accepted definition, phonics and rules keeps you in a perpetual state of 
defeating yourself. | think it's time for you to break this spell if you so choose. The fifth 
element gets exposed when you do and only you will know when you have finally 
grasped the magnitude of this concept. 


Concept or con-sept to me, means "with god" in that "con" means for AND against and 
"sept" is the French word for "7". Are you starting to hear the picture yet? It's quite 
simple really when you start to defy (de-phi) or un-create your pre-programmed rules 
created by another and take on more self-responsibility and self-realization. Only when 
we can see both good as evil and evil as good can we begin to get to the zero point, the 
neutral zone where all creation begins where we have created a new seed, with more 
information and experience than the original tree itself. 


Unconditional love accepts all things equally, without judgment and only pure 
observation where, in order to experience anything fully, one must be willing to accept 
its opposite fully as well. If you desire love then you must experience hate to the same 

extent, such is the nature of reality. We have no concept of brilliant white without its 

blackest counterpart to have any notion of what either of them are. The rungs of this 

ladder are experienced as emotions to give us the opportunity to either climb, remain 

static or fall. Most choose the status quo of the static only to find themselves typically 
pushed down the ladder. 


Where emotions rule you, you will descend and never climb. That is not to say one 
cannot experience emotions since that, to me, is the point of the game, the only point. It 
is more a question of do emotions rule you or the other way around. When emotions 
rule you, you are in ego or, no-go mode and when you rule the emotions, you climb 


where the e-mote-ions replace the e-mote-shuns. When we take a word for granted, 
you get your wish, unfortunately, in the ignorance of the deeper meanings and 
intentions placed there by the one who created the original spell, you're granting THEIR 
wish intention, not yours. 


Even the word Phoenix can be pronounced as phonics so what really has to rise from 
your ashes? Even the ashes are considered the waste by product of the fire where the 
phoenix is risen containing both creation and destruction at the same time. The only 
thing that will ever differ is one's perspective or angle of seeing things. This is where one 
can see the fallen angle or angel based simply on where one is on this proverbial and 
infinite ladder. If our perspective is controlled, so then is our ability to see things from a 
risen angle or Ra. 


Do you not wonder why the Masonic uses the compass and the square as part of their 
symbology? The square creates the Right Angle or Ra and the compass symbolizes the 
"with pa/ss or father (pa) and Mother (Isis) or simply with electrical INTENT AND 
magnetic void in balance. This is to me what the ancient teachers were and have been 
teaching all along. Unfortunately, with the childlike emotions running amok on this 
planet, most will be a long time in seeing this at all. To see both good and evil, one must 
place both concepts in their respective mirrors or you will be polar-eyes-ed and trapped 
in the war of duality of the mind and are guilty of worship or warship of one side or 
another. 


The fifth element is being unconditional in regards to all things. It is finally being the 
phoenix arisen from your own god nature that has been purified by the fires of 
experience where the silver lining is omnipresent and it is only those who fail to accept 
this will ever get this. It is when we are willing to just ask why something happened from 
a neutral position without ego program interference will we begin to see the most 
precious seeds of all and those are the seeds of the next far better creation where we 
can build greatness upon greatness or defeat upon defeat. You are the only one that can 
choose and this is the difference between free will choice and true will choice. 


We have safeguards in this realm where those that cannot control their thoughts are 
relegated to neutered status and will endure being at effect until they get a grip on 
what's really going on here in this infinite of games. Since you are god, you could 
eliminate this reality with but a thought but | know me and if | was god, and | am, I'd 
make sure that that wouldn't happen as part of the immutable laws of this game and 


called it the golden rule as the failsafe. No, there are many in this realm that have 
squandered their abilities and used them foolishly but then that's the nature of the 
game where new Seeds require a ring or two of experience to create the ashes for their 
next incarnation. 


Some of us have been in the game for a while and have been through many fires and 
wrings where humanity is both an entrance point to the game AND an exit point at the 
same time. It is pretty easy to spot the saplings here and the mighty oaks so now it's up 

to you to decide how many more fires you need to endure to climb up and out or if 
you're willing to burn up yet again. Either way, you win and either way, you lose, it just 
depends on how you're looking at it. Are you seeing through the eyes of the child of god 
or as the god mind itself? When you get this, you're not so angry at the saplings knowing 
full well they will have to experience the same fires you did by their own choice. At the 
end of the day, everything you experience is your choice and yes, you're only doing it to 
yourself and aren't you glad you're not a sapling anymore? Yeah, | thought so too....to be 
continued....mwahs, kate! 


