The Wizards of Oz..... by kate of gaia 


Once upon a time or so the story begins......... Truth, 
as one will see or not, is far stranger than fiction, 
such is the effect of being too long in the twister 
that wrenched us from home and landed us here in Oz. 
All the while, we have been stuck in one tornado after 
another during the entireties of our lives and based 
our "opinions" on the unoriginal ideas of others who 
have made a dogs dinner of our pure white canvasses. 
With the constant spinning in the clouds, we only get 
glimpses here and there of any truths that might have 
made it possible to get to the Emerald City sooner and 
with less wear and tear. 


While I was watching a video of someone "exposing" this 
masonic symbol or that illuminati "spell", I watched 
her miss the point entirely based on her somehow 
Knowing what all of it really meant. Unfortunately for 
her, she never stopped to actually question herself as 
to where she got her information. Granted, she was at 
least searching for something somewhere, she never once 
asked herself why the symbols were there. You see, she 
was too busy trying to impress herself and her viewers 
about her apparent wealth of knowledge surrounding 
these things to satiate the grown up ego erstwhile, 
never has she lived a single syllable of her 
utterances. 


On and on I watched the tornado spin hearing unoriginal 
spouting of diatribe based on something she read 
somewhere not once stopping to scratch her own head and 
possibly ask why. This is the all too common mindset of 
a well-trained mind; one trained to parrot something 
from someone else's work not having lived a single 
moment of what it was they were declaring as "truth". 
Sad, truly sad. We all have our Yale student moments in 


the bars of our life dealing with our mirror of good 
will hunting where we get caught, just as our Yale 
student friend did, regurgitating someone else's quotes 
in the seemingly endless twister of trying to look 
"smart". 


When Dorothy landed in Oz, all she had was her wits, a 
busted house, a dead witch from the east, a really cool 
new pair of shoes and her little dog Toto....Not much 
to start with to begin a quest of the magnitude even 
she was unaware of. Such is our world of Oz...Alas, 
with a little spurring on by some little people anda 
nice witch's blessing, off she went on her yellow brick 
road to find her own truth. Just her and Toto, anda 
basket of food that was enough to last her for a day or 
so. All along the way of this road, like Dorothy's, we 
encounter things and people that will allow us to grow 
or will try to encumber us to stop us from getting to 
our own Emerald City's. As we go along here I want you, 
the reader, to keep in mind that Dorothy aka you, 
always had the means to get home all the time at your 
beckoned call. The good witch Glenda reminds us at the 
end of the story. 


The important lesson from this part of the story is 
Simply this; don't judge a book by someone else's 
description of the cover. Our white canvasses as 
children were badly smeared and it takes a serious 
amount of cleaning to get them where we have room to be 
the child within and get original with our newly bared 
canvas. What is ironic about that video I was watching 
is that the whole time I was thinking that a few kids 
likely less than fifteen years old cracked the codes of 
the show she was trying to "expose" where I was given 
the gift to actually decode the decoded segments. Who 
says you can't learn from a child?....You can if you 
shut up long enough to listen. 


Therein lies the true crux of the problem; so many of 
us have “grown up” and are simply acting as children 
with a better means to harm others through the ability 
to collect money instead of pretty stones on the beach. 
While people have lost their child within, they never 
lost the child without and that one manifests in 
countless forms of dramas and perpetual tornadoes in 
their lives. Many still absolutely rely on others to be 
their proverbial parents, cleaning up after them, 
settling their disputes and cleaning their rooms for 
them. I like to refer to mans’ ability to build a 
nuclear weapon that can kill millions and never stop 
and ask the question as to why they should. This is 
where the ego knowledge has far surpassed the hearts’ 
wisdom. 


Mans’ cruelty to man is constantly evident in the 
Wizard of Oz from the outset where sheer madness 
prevails in the form of Elvira Gulch, later the wicked 
witch of the west, with the misuse of power to hurt 
others. Elvira owns half the county and as a result 
manifests the spoiled and greedy child who feels they 
need to control everyone else’s playgrounds. When 
people can see the childish and selfish antics within 
themselves, they may then get a larger view from 
stepping out of the tornadoes. One does not need to own 
half the county to be the same as the witch duality. 
One need only become acutely aware of their ability to 
either create for self and others or, be a parasite of 
those that can create and becoming a more vicious, if 
not readily visible version of the same destructive 
force. Either way, visibly or invisibly, the spoiled 
child is manifest and creates havoc in the cereal 
aisles of our lives. 


It is not so much that our childlike innocence has been 
destroyed; rather, it has been redirected through 


entrainment of the heart and mind. The grown up today 
is simply the transformation of the child raised by 
other children that like to call themselves “adults”. 
Tornadoes of one kind or another are created every day 
from the chattering neighbor type to the office water 
cooler and everywhere else the grown up children play. 
During the scene where the wicked witch gets melted she 
utters “The last to go will see the first three go 
before her” which I saw as a wonderful clue on my own 
yellow brick road. I’m one of the kids that likes to 
keep my playground neat and peaceful. For me, the clue 
was this: before I can find the Emerald City, there are 
three things that need to be discovered prior. 


I had to discover the mindless “strawman” “as within” 
that is perfectly manifest “as without “in the “legal” 
illusion. Then I have to find my own heart in my vessel 
that has been removed due to the mindless bantering’s 
of the left mind logics without feeling. Finally, I 
have to find the courage to face these things within me 
where the exterior manifestation becomes my own perfect 
mirror. This is what I like to call the “mirror-cull” 
or miracle. All too often I meet people that talk a 
great story from the position of our Yale friend and 
inexperienced video analyst. What I find most 
interesting is that most people do not like the wicked 
witch yet they are generally a perfect mirror of her 
while casting blame and responsibilities everywhere but 
on their own shoulders. Too often people take things 
for granted and place their burdens on others preying 
on the good will and natures of others never once 
thinking they are and woe betide you if you tell them. 


You will either get met with anger or the glazed over 
eyes of the perpetual victim where neither can take it 
upon themselves to see what possible role in the 
equations of life they play. These are the uber 


children who have never grown up enough to find the 
innocence of their own child and are still creating 
playground havoc for the other kids. 


When people watch the Wizard of Oz they can be 
entertained with all the pretty colours and fun 
storyline or they can gain profound wisdom from a movie 
that appeals to the wisdom of the inner child. My 
estimates put the former at 99% where you can see the 
99% screaming out against their adoptive, by their 
choice, parents. Oh, and please don’t hand me the “but 
they did this and they did that” bullshit. If it is the 
bank or job you’re mad at, you chose to use both and 
much more and will continue to be a hypocrite in your 
ravings. I must say, this does make it rather difficult 
for those of us that have stopped being hypocrites and 
we’re at the mercy of the other kids until they too 
wake up and shed the chains they’re holding. This is a 
very circular and destructive tornado and it really is 
a situation of finding the strength to hold one’s 
position until the other kids have actually had enough 
of collecting everyone else’s marbles to put in their 
own. 


When people can begin to view this world as a 
playground filled with misfit children hell-bent on the 
destruction of their playmates being led by the 
nastiest kids on the playground, maybe then they’1ll 
stop playing with them. A perfect example of this child 
like mentality gone schizoid, are those that are in an 
endless “waiting for presents on Christmas morning” 
mentality. They’re the ones that not only want someone 
to wipe their noses and asses but actually expect it. 
I, like everyone else, chose my path and I take full 
responsibility for it. I am where and who I am based on 
MY choices and no one else’s. It was me that chose to 
go all in with this crazy game to see what truths were 


there. There are so many sitting around waiting to 
“cherry pick” the victories of others, wanting to play 
the big truth games but haven’t tossed anything in the 
kitty..well hey, you get out what you put in. What I 
find even more amazing that, while on my yellow brick 
road walk, I have not only tossed in the entire 
collective ante’, I’ve been helping people along the 
way that are still happy to drain my resources in all 
their forms. Good thing I’m a creator god or I’d be 
dead long ago. 


No, too many folks are quite content to sit in the life 
raft while people like me and others are drowning in 
the water trying to pull that boat to shore and then 
they have the nerve to invite all their friends on 
board too to create more drag in the water while 
conjuring up one drama tornado after another. What is 
even crazier is that when you confront these children, 
they look at you with a dumb “what?” expression. I have 
been gifted recently to have met an entire room full of 
people that are beyond that mentality and can see the 
bigger picture because they’re seeing with their 
hearts, not their strawmen..the reflections on the 
yellow brick road were dazzling......to be continued..kate 


