Helpful information in relation to the Apostolic Letter, written Motu Proprio, by Pope Francis. 


The Importance of Motu Proprio 


According to the New Advent Catholic Encyclopedia, Motu Proprio in Latin stands for “of his own 
accord” and is the name given to an official decree by a Pope personally in his capacity and office 
as supreme sovereign pontiff and not in his capacity as the apostolic leader and teacher of the 
Universal Church. To put it more bluntly, a Motu Proprio is the highest form of legal instrument on 
the planet in accordance to its provenance, influence and structure to the Western-Roman world, 
over riding anything that could be issued by the United Nations, the Inner and Middle Temple, the 
Crown of Great Britain or any other Monarch and indeed by any head of state or body politic. If you 
are a member of the United Nations, or recognized by the United States or the United Kingdom or 
have a bank account anywhere on the planet, then a Motu Proprio is the highest legal instrument, no 
question. 


In the case of the Motu Proprio issued by Pope Francis on July 11th 2013, it is an instrument of 
several functions and layers. 


In the first instance, it may be legally construed to apply to the local matters of the administration of 
the Holy See. 


In the second instance, the document relates to the fact that the Holy See is the underpinning to the 
whole global system of law, therefore anyone holding an office anywhere in the world is also 
subject to these limits and that immunity no longer applies. 


Thirdly, we see the Holy See and the Universal Church clearly separating itself from the nihilist 
world of the professional elite who continue, to be proven time and time again, to be criminally 
insane, bark raving mad and with no desire to do anything honorable until they are torn from power 
by anyone, any body who cares for the law. 


On several audios and interviews I have made the clear statements that the age of the Roman Cult, 
as first formed in the 11th Century and that hijacked the Catholic Church first formed by the 
Carolingians in the 8th Century, then the Holly Christian Empire or Byzantine Church by the 13th 
Century and the world at large by the 16th Century ceased to exist around March 14th 2013 upon 
the election of Pope Francis. 


There are many, many conspiracists out there, who remain highly skeptical and in reply to each and 
every dramatic announcements crow — it is all a smokescreen, or it isn’t enough, or it is all double 
speak. The same lunacy, and I mean extreme mental illness that you can see promulgated for 
centuries that anyone who proposes better models of society, or the end of corruption, or to 
reconstitute the rule of law must be the anti-christ because he will try to deceive the world by doing 
good things, not evil. Utter madness. Utter barking stupidity, but sadly some people in every 
generation willingly drink the cool aid given to them, by disinformation agents, without using any 
form of reason. 


In any event this document issued by Pope Francis is historic on multiple levels, but most 
significant above all others in that it recognizes the supremecy of the Golden Rule, the same 
teaching ascribed to Jesus Christ and the intimate connection to the Rule of Law, that all are subject 
to the rule of law, no one is above the law. 


(Courtesy of Frank O'Collins, 
http://blog.ucadia.com/2013/07/motu-proprio-of-francis-and-why-by-rule.html ) 


