Trading Prophets for Profits by kate of gaia 


At what point does the benevolence of one become 


transformed into malfeasance? At what point does 
wanting to tear down an old paradigm become enslavement 
to it by virtue of greed and a misplaced sense of 
power? All too often I have witnessed many, who at 
first glance, talk a talk only to walk with a wobble, 
drunk with a new elevated sense of self importance. 


This is why benevolence is such a rarity. So exactly 
when does a prophet of benevolence become a profit of 


malfeasance? 


There are many of us who have given our all and 
continue to do so long after our all has been used up, 
stolen and beaten out of us. Yet, we continue to put 
everything we have into what we know to be truths, 
Simply because that is what it is; truth. If the goal 
is the uniting of mankind then the cost is borne 


equally, it is shared in the divine aspect of balance. 
I have seen many who, after going through trials and 
tribulations, preach one message and upon its apparent 
success, affix a debt note value to it. Is truth not 
the divine message that belongs to us all? At what 
point can anyone put a price on that which belongs to 


all once uncovered if the true goal is peace, love, 
truth and honour? 


What is also ironic about this type of situation is 
where those that have moved from prophet to profit have 
done so with the help of people like me and many 
others. This is where the true exchange goes out of 
balance. Upon a truths' discovery, I do my utmost to 
share that far and wide with perhaps the hope that, 
when used, it has value with another and perhaps some 
of that value may be flowed back. I put my own "money" 


where my mouth is first. If I can't "prove it" or 
haven't done it or seen it done with my own reality, 
it's still just a theory. 


I know many who have done and continue to do the same 
as I although we are heavily outnumbered by those who 
would simply take for their own benefit forgetting 
where their own truths and power came from. They are 
the ones that also typically come back and throw vile 
comments at us because they know in their own hearts 
where that true power came from. It is ego behaviour to 
"destroy" threats to one’s survival and those that 
actually have the power in benevolence get readily 
attacked by those that use that power and knowledge 
given them, and wish to claim it as their own. This is 


a pure ego. function, pure ego. 


I know of a few individuals that ride on the backs and 
coat-tails of others efforts, knowledge and experience. 


These individuals have their own abilities to a greater 


or lesser extent but they somehow fell short of a few 
"keys" or nuggets as it were to clarify their own 
positions. Some fall short of the ability to get the 
word out to many or fall short of the final bits of 


knowledge needed to get the "aha!" moment and, once 


they get that information from someone else, they are 
swift to claim it as their very own. Some don't stop 
there and actually attack those that got them where 
they are so as not to be exposed as a "child of a 
lesser god". 


Again, this is the manufacture and construct of ego and 
proof that one is not in one's "right mind" fully where 


truth and peace resides and are somewhere out in "left 
field". It is not always easy to discern but with 
careful observation combined with intuitive reasoning, 
the actions of others become as self-evident truths. 


Once confronted with these self-evident truths, we all 
have the responsibility to see these traits within 
ourselves and what are we doing to correct ourselves 


versus casting stones in glass houses. 


I have long been at the mercy of others who would 
simply take from me the truths that are freely given, 
gain from them and move on without so much as a glance 
over their shoulder. Some go as far as to profit 
handily by becoming the prophets preaching from a 
soapbox that others built for them while they vilify 
those that built it or make it possible for it to 
remain intact. I like taking old sayings and adding 
other layers of truth to them. Be careful not to bite 
the hands that feed you because they are the hands that 
set the table and will clear it just as quickly. When 
these prophets for profits begin making things 
exclusive versus inclusive is the time where I start 


asking about the original intent of these people versus 
the message they originally showed as their intent. 


If I could show you how to reclaim your home, for 
example, that is vacant due to the contract of mort- 
gage showing that a dead fiction "resides" there, not a 
living being, what would that be worth to you? If the 
property has a mortgage/death pledge, then whatever 
NAME that is on the contract is the one that "owns" it. 
As a net result of the Barth Certificate scam, EVERY 
Single "person" is DEAD including the NAME that you 
think is you. If I could show you what you need to do 
to correct that, is that valuable to you? What if I 
told you that that was and is my intent and that I 
don't expect a dime from anyone? What if I said I'll 
put MY money where MY mouth is first and then offer 
that knowledge to all freely? Would you walk away with 
this and simply keep it for yourself? This is the 


benevolence that I speak of because when we can help 


everyone, we are helping ourselves in the grand game, 
not the one on one “gimme gimme” game. 


No, I won't be holding seminars to exclude those that 
are destitute by charging money/debt notes or the like 
in that, once people can be helped, the team begins to 


grow. Benevolence is created when the needs are 
covered. I hold seminars nearly every day on my radio 
shows and in the emails and things I send worldwide. I 
rely solely on the notion that what I have to share has 


value and if people see that, use it and improve their 
lives then perhaps that value may be shared in kind 
reciprocated. I have also learned to not hold my breath 
on this one as well because if I did, I would have 
suffocated long ago. The fact remains however, I'll 
continue doing what I do regardless and take full 
responsibility for my own demise should that occur; I 
did say that was all in and I meant it. When the one 
can help the many, the many will have already helped 
the one by changing their own worlds as a result of the 
actions of the one; win: win. 


When the one excludes the many by creating barriers 
called having truth for sale, the club of mankind 
becomes exclusive to the few and we end up with the 
same old same old greed paradigm shite fest that 
surrounds us already. No, there are a few of us that 


see beyond the immediate veil of self-service where we 
may bitch a little about our own situations but we plod 
on knowing that what we're doing has value, even if 
that isn't seen by the insanity of the masses ego 
program. Call it an ultimate pay it forward where we 
know that one day very soon, we'll all win as a result 
of holding this position. No, benevolence is a rare 


thing on this planet where the percentage of people 


helping people is slowly rising erstwhile those that 
have it within their power to effect worldwide change 
on the grandest of scales, still try to profit 
individually and are missing their own point they 
preach from the pulpit we ALL built. 


If at any point you find yourself asking the tough 
questions of self while reading this, well done, you're 


beginning to grasp benevolence. If at any point while 
reading this you find anger and a desire to lash out, 
well done, you've spotted your ego program. If one 


truly wishes to effect change and I mean real change, 
all the truths you find belong to all, not the one who 
claims to have found "it". You see, as a net result of 
every interaction with everyone in your existence, your 
reality is shared as well as any truth you claim to 
have found all by yourself. Seriously, anyone who tries 
pulling that line "it's my truth" on me, gets a 
universal bitch slap from me and gets called out for 
the charlatan thief that they are or are becoming. 
Indeed, prophets for profits?....I mean really, do you 
always sell someone else's belongings? Isn't that the 


problem we're trying to solve here? I promise, anyone 
who helps me get my house back just because they 
can....???....that has value far beyond paper 
illusions. The good news is, I'll figure it out myself 
and when I do, I'll tear the profits away from prophets 
where a brand new reality of value is concerned. I 
prefer to use the honour/gift way of living, no debts 
that way....ever...besides, as a builder of platforms 


and soapbox pulpits, I’m pretty good at tearing them 
down as well...just sayin,...much love, kate. 


