Watts in a Name...? by kate of gaia 


Have you ever sat and just thought about your own 
potential? Put aside all the willy nilly things you've 
heard others say about you and how much more capable 
they see you as. What about you? What do you think? 
What shall you dare to paint on your own canvas now? We 
have all been faced with the same questions in our 


lives and the one that most people overlook is the one 
regarding their own purpose. Do we not have a purpose 
to be here? Was there not a reason we chose to play in 
this game called life. We each have our playing pieces 
called bodies and we move them around the board in much 
the same way as we would playing any board game. We 
make choices, we roll our own dies and then, we move 
our pieces accordingly. 


The choices of our games varies infinitely from 
"character" to "character" but we did choose a role and 
our game piece accordingly although very few will ever 
get to the point where they see what their “raison 
d'etre” is or even was. Rest assured, you had a purpose 


and a role to play here when you arrived and your own 
choice now is to bring that into the now status of 
having a purpose versus had one. For many, if not all 
reading this, you are likely aware of the bonding of 
our names at birth through a birth certificate that 
created a separate corporation unbeknownst to the 
masses until recently, as in the last few years. Again, 
I am one to focus on the "why" versus the "what" 
happened. 


In order to locate the why of any question, one must 
look at as many angles of the what happened as possible 
to give and outside the box overview. It's best to 
stand as far away from a scene as you can to bring the 


entire panorama into focus. This has not been an easy 
task and it is one that is relegated to those willing 
to simply give up all the distractions in life to get 
down to the nitty gritty. Granted, not many of us have 
that wherewithal to do that and I was no exception to 
that rule. The only thing I knew was that I had to do 
this, even with the limited resources on hand that i 

had and those are long since expended. In short, this 


minor quest has cost me everything I loved, knew, or 
had relegating me to the proverbial sidelines of 


everyone else's reality as it were. 


This is what happens when you follow your heart, not 
the programmed mind. This is the intuitive aspect, the 
gut feelings and the inherent knowingness that things 
aren't quite what they should be. Within each one of us 
is the source of creation at its purest and rawest 
forms. You do not have a star within you, YOU are that 
star, that sun of god photonic light. Inasmuch as we've 
had top peel back the layers of the illusion here such 
as laws, governments, religions etc. we also have to 
peel back the layers we have placed on ourselves. 
Things like my heart inside me, the sun inside me, my 
mind and brain etc. are all layers that are placed on 


top of what we truly are. It's no wonder we've bee 
walking in the wilderness for so long; we haven't known 
what we were looking for and continually placed layers 


of illusion over that most pure essence of total 
beingness. 


I love asking religious beings what happens to their 
soul (layer) when they die. It's always the same 
answer...my soul goes to heaven...then I ask them...if 
your soul goes to heaven, what about you? Where do you 
go?...puppy dog head tilt reaction. To even try and 
explain this further will just result in utter 


confusion. You either get it or you don't. The ones 


that do get it just had their first dose of “religio- 
chosis” healing. YOU are the life force, the light of 
creation and only in the void of darkness can all 
things be created in YOUR universe. YOU, like ME are 
all perspectives of a different "angle/angel" nothing 
more and nothing less. We have had some mirrors cast in 
our way to keep us bouncing in the same dilemmas here 
for eons. Had enough yet? 


Every time we enter this "game", we enter with a 
purpose on a pre-determined flight path. As the 
countless layers of every word presents itself more and 
more, I see the importance of each and everyone's name. 
The name is a gift from our "parents" or those photons 
already in the game. The cosmic plan is perfect and is 
ready and waiting to be fulfilled. The gift is our name 
being "stolen" from us, not being given to us. The dark 
cannot exist without light just as in the light cannot 


exist without dark, one feeds the other equally and 
opposite so that existence can be had at all. Our names 
are OUR purpose here and in order to find our purpose, 
we must find the meaning and power in our names. 


A watt is a unit of electrical energy. Regardless of 
how small a watt may seem to you, it contains all the 
power in the universe depending on YOUR perspective. 


There is no such thing as big or small, just big and 
small equally. One watt of power may not seem like much 
to you, in human form but it sure would mess up an 
amoeba's universe. Again, it’s all about perspective. 
Where are you standing and how are you looking at 


something? To a sperm whale, your living room might be 
a tad small whereas to a fly, it's a veritable 
aerodrome of vast airspace. It is all about the degrees 
or “of steps" from Latin. Where does hot begin and cold 


end? I suppose that would depend on where you're 
standing as well...For those who live in a desert 


environment, cold might be 30 degrees Celsius whereas 
to an Inuit of the northern regions, that is akin to a 
convection oven. 


Your name iS your purpose and comes from ancient 
etymology that means "way". So, watt is your way? It's 
very difficult to find ones way if one never sees the 


roadmap. Once you have a map, confidence in getting 


somewhere planned dramatically rises non? The game here 
has been simply to see why our names were bonded at 
birth and why. There are so many illusions surrounding 
that, it would be impossible to count. Darkness must 
feed on the light and light must feed on the dark. 
Those, whom we've called as the dark ones are the yang 
to our yin. They have been called energy vampires but 
are we not too the same kind of feeders? The light 
comes into the dark and consumes it where the dark must 
shadow the light to balance it out. There are many 
"watts" in a name. A purpose is a powerful force since 
it is pure intention. 


The purpose is only as powerful as the perspective of 
you permits. If we shine too brightly, creation is 
blinded and burned and if it gets too dark, creation is 
lost to view. This is the ebb and flow, the pendulum 
balancing act. Nature abhors a vacuum and will do its 
utmost in perfection to fill that void with either 
light that is blinding or darkness that is consuming 
all light; it is up to us, the consciousness to find 
the middle ground. This is where we need to open the 


circle of life to both perspectives in balance and why, 
when we do, the "O" becomes the "C" or the holy C. When 
you finally begin to correlate all the "coincidence" 
you will soon discover that there aren't any; period. 


The note of love is the "Middle C" of the piano, the 
528 htz (love hurts) in the 432 htz pitch of A and is 
referred to as the note of Te, the highest on the scale 
where returning to "dough/money" is not an option. 


Only when we complete the scale as an octave do we end 
up infinitely in the loop of Groundhog Day here. The 
scale is seven notes with the eighth note as the return 
note. If you want to keep singing the same old song 
then carry on with returning to the bottom. Te, the 
note of love, conquers all so I'd suggest staying there 
long enough for love to manifest. As far as figuring 
out your name, just focus on it for a while, the sounds 
of it, things it rhymes with etc. The truth is, you 
picked it prior to getting here in that the parents 
have it in their mind and you resonated with that 
purpose/game to play. Intuitively, you know so I can't 
tell you what that purpose is, merely share what I 
found in mine. I also chose to change my name midstream 
but then I didn't change it from the original purpose, 
just reclaimed it via a spiritual back door if you will 


Wilfred Keith Thompson was the boy name given and sold 
three days later but that’s another essay to 
follow...actually the last name was already in place. 
If you do a search on the history of the name, you'll 
soon know why I picked this line to come into. The 
Wilfred Keith was pretty neat too. Will-Freed Key-Theos 
Theos-Ohm-P=Rho, S= serpent Kundalini/PS = Psi =spirit, 
O = creation, N = mine..... more layers than that but 
there's a clue into how to look. My own chosen name 
came from the initials, WKT which sounds like 
this....Double You...Kay-tee or double you katie. That 
wasn't really a stretch since I am a Gemini. Renee was 
my chosen middle because of my French heritages as well 
from France direct a few centuries ago. Re-nee means 


reborn and Katherine, the long form of Katie or Kate 
means purity...so...purity reborn means I have a large 
purpose to live up to...When the darkness claims the 
name, it is claiming the purpose because it needs to 
feed on that. 


As man has evolved, it's gotten tougher for the dark 
ones to feed on the pure energy that was rife in the 
dark ages. One can garner a lot of energy from torture 
and procuring long slow deaths to feed from. As time 
went on, that ability was lessened when it was exposed 
and mirrored back to its creators. It evolved to the 
point where all that was left was duping us out of our 
purpose. Sure, there are wars here and there but 
nothing created energy like a good old fashioned cruci- 
fiction or burning at the steak/stake etc. Vaporizing a 


body just doesn't have the same net gain of energy for 
them. So they built altar-N-ate churches called courts 
where people go in freely and feed them via ignorance 
of self. Alas, in the curse was the equal blessing; if 
you could find it and then live it. 


So, the more people/photons continue to feed them via 
their money and court/church illusion, the longer those 
playing remain trapped and then sapped of their 
energies via "cells" with "BAR's" no less. Just a 
coincidence again? In truth, the name is and was always 
yours, always will be when you stop thinking you have 
to fight for it or were wronged in some way. Your 
bitchslap is your awakening and I'm not sure how so 
many people can sleep through this. Thankfully, more 
and more are finally awakening to the reality that they 
have been duped, have been asleep and are not feeding 


the dark anymore where we can finally get into some 
sort of balance. Luckily for those that are still 
playing in the courts, the ass-ump-shuns of la are 


finally dispelled from source creation itself. Like I 
said before, you can't copyright creation. If you use 
the same tools to create something, the same tools can 
be used to un-create it if it trespasses the free will 
of other aspects of god, namely me and you. 


No, there is a lot of power in your name and your 
purpose and it is my feeling that you need to go and 
reclaim that concept non? It's going to have to take 
each of us to choose our wars and our peace. If one 
sees good or evil in anything, one is still caught in 
the duality and will never return to the one until they 
get that notion and concept of good AND evil in all 
things. If you are at war within, you are at war 
without and you are creating your own problems, your 
own awakenings or sleepiness. There is no one and 
nothing that can change that perspective but you. For 
me, or anyone else to do so would be a trespass on your 
free will choice to rise or fall, ebb or flow, win or 
lose etc. This is your game to call, and yours alone. 
The good news is that you don't have to play the game 
alone merely allow others to play along equally and 
from their perspective be they "perceived" as good or 
evil. Truly, they are you as I am you and likewise. 
Best that we learn to power up and know watts in our 
name and more importantly, watts our intention....what 
you flow to, you create..... so, watts up doc?....much 
love, kate 


