Watt's Driving Your Loco-motives? 
by kate of kaia 


This essay's primary objective is to illustrate the unseen by most 
separations of what you deem to be normal according to this world's 
programming where evil carries the upper hand over your good 
because you are doing things, that, while they appear to be "normal" 
things to do in your day to day life, they're actually fostering and 
promoting the very evil that is killing you and humanity using your 
own contract creations against you. This is ONE reality with evil AND 
good intertwined in a DUALITY where each is its own absolute 
opposite reality creating itself in its own image and your choice as to 
which reality you're serving (good or evil since you're in the middle 
of both already anyway) by which REALITY you're going along with, 
regardless of who tells you what's good or evil where liars tell a 
convincing story of why it's OK to kill everything; as long as you do it 
their way, legally, truth and life be damned. So, here we go......kate 


p.s. and don't just glaze over this essay. When you come to a word 
that I've taken the time to show a few phonics echoes, take the time 
to look up the meaning of each of those segments to see how spells 

actually weave between good and evil where this separates the three- 
ds/threads/three-D's of the dual-eyes‘d world you're lost in. Phonics 

is the fiery Phoenix that lights your path home, the fawn-IX of the 
dawn-IX, the dear man of the we're man, the foe nix of the doe nicks 
and so on. The donning of the "H" of Och!-we are us after all....H is a 
symbol of a bridged(bride/groomed) duality into one path, the pillar 
of life or the piller of death. 


It can be difficult, seemingly impossible sometimes, communicating 
between the realms of literal legal/spiritual law-full, as it were, where one 
who is still fully or partially engulfed in the legal name/literal reality are 
speaking mainly/only from "a taught by others" perspective talking only 
about things others have been taught by the same "system" of thinking be 
it school, religions etc..over and over ad infinitum so it's a very "channeled 
into a groove" reality of what one thinks and believes and, eventually, will 
actually fight for and defend that psychosis...stalk-home sign-drome, the 
arrow drome where no planes of existence can take off, stuck in a "hanger" 
somewhere. Hitler was a "paper hanger" too remember. The figure eight 
circling back only stops when you can't be directed back by any 
temptations of this world to do otherwise or can you put a price on an 
innocent child anywhere in this world to make sure your "standard/flag of 


living" is comfortable, that child, every child be damned. 


It's like trying to talk to someone that knows a little bit of french in France 
and trying to force everyone there to speak "english"(Subjective literal 
programmed by system) calling all those who speak "french" (objective 
anogogic spiritual, seen for self experiences) stupid, unwilling to learn their 
native tongue, demanding another speaks "english" vs. "french" in their 
own land allegory. We, allegorically speaking, speak "french" in this 
Rome/world/Room, mixed with some fluent (phoenician,anogogic, 
spiritual), and some learning the language ( a few words here and there, 
willing to learn something knew) where the masses of humanity are still 
trapped in someone else's idea of what they call "their reality”. It's not their 
reality at all since everyone has been at the mercy of everyone else, from 
cradle to grave robber state-us and can only speak from that perspective. 


| am simply an observer, separating good from evil actions/intentions, 
without injecting a previously formed, by this reality's, personality 
assumption into the equation based on what everyone is expected to do 
where those expectations commit any evil or harm at all; | remain 
undecided neutral until | see it for myself, my own reality experience where 
evil is eliminated, within first (source-ari cause/choice), then 
without(source-heir-e effect/result). To call that a tightrope is an 
understatement and requires an immense amount of will power to defy all 
that this world has ever created as a normal reality, knowing that there are 
some that have manipulated this world into their version of "english" 
sorcery/sour sorry divided and conquered reality programmed by another, 
making believe it's their original ideas of choice. 


This is where one is a SUBJECT to another's objective as their ruler by 
choosing a false master outside of themselves where doing wrong just 
feels bad actions for a while, if at all, in a world mixed with both good and 
evil realities intertwined; the cadeuceus/C.A.D.(architect program)-you- 
see-U/S(intent/creation, male/female, positive/negative, etc. dualities 
where YOU or another, is building your reality. Creation has already built 
both realities in order to have a reality at all. For one thing to exist in reality, 
it must have a counter balance opposite. The idea of black cannot exist 
without its counterpart of white and so on. Both good and evil realities exist 
simultaneously and the only thing that separates them is you and how you 
make your choices based on how you're seeing them. It's the game of self- 
taught vs. system taught good and evil where you know killing anyone is 
evil and where the system teaches killing is good and call it war, etc. 
Emotions are used to over-ride your native sense of being if you are 
inherently a good heart, and to enhance the evil actions of one who is 


inherently evil where BOTH exist in this reality. Unfortunately, the good 
hearted people (majority of humans) can't actually believe evil of this sort 
of magnitude actually exists where | assure you, it does. 


The measure of evil will show up in your life experience mirror in the forms 
of others trying to harm you when you're doing the right things, exposing 
evil's tricks and lies, undermining evil's "power", so to speak. While many 

of us have experienced these demonic types, one thing was certain for me 

at all times; regardless of the discomfort, evil could not and can not destroy 
me, merely make things incredibly difficult to push through but, alas, | and 
many others did. This is where evil cannot pass and where creation/truth 
steps in and creation's law is upheld for you because you chose truth over 
lies, good over evil and you were/are adamant in your stance. This state of 
perceived "protection" only exists while your stance remains pure in this 
regard, some call it the slippery/slip-ari slope. This is the language of light 
and dark, of truth and lies, not much of a tight rope really in the grand 
scheme of things but a bit of a challenge in a world full of people 
programmed into another's way of thinking via the system where the 
programmed (a program is a known outcome based on steps in a certain 
order) result happens every time until the program is changed. 


Think of a toy train set that travels in a figure eight over and over on 
Christmas morning. It's fun for a while then, to the child, it will either 
become hypnotic or boring and usually, the toy will be walked away from 
but the operator may or may not choose to turn the train off when they walk 
away and it's still running to this day. | turned that train set off when | was 
done with it (literally) and bring it out occasionally over the ensuing years 
until | no longer had that train set that invariably grew over the years, 
beyond the figure eight original boxed version. | added more tracks, 
buildings, people etc. to my train set both in the literal toy world and the 
spiritual growing by experience one. It just depends on how much track 
you want to travel. Now, consider the marvel you experience when you go 
to an exhibit where a child that got their first train set, stayed with it and 
built an entire train and track system with multiple trains (model train 
museums/ultra home hobbyist) where | built the spiritual train set in the 
mirror of that physical literal one. Physical literal reality is the one that you 
can touch, see, taste, hear and smell with countless other tactile 
senseations that expand from this simple five aspect senses group i.e. 
smell gets sorted into different sub-smells that create different reactions 
(think of smelling a rose then some rotting carcass example). | just 
transposed these out of the physical into their spiritual mirrors like 
"smelling a rat" and flushing that rat out of its hole allegory. 


See the toy train tracks as your spiritual tracks where some rails lead to a 
junction for new tracks to lead off somewhere new and some that are dead 
ends where loco-motives (crazy intentions) get parked. It all depends on 
your loco-motives and what direction you're heading and also depending if 
you are one of the boxed cars(X-R's, life's rose, life's spoken intentions) 
that is speaking only for someone else's conductor according to their "loco- 
motives" where evil is the killer crazy where good is the crazy about life. 
Both loco-motives, two opposite tracks and directions. It doesn't matter if 
you want to high jack the system's locomotive (legal remedy illusions), it's 
on a TRACK that is immovable, destination Hell. In this world, the system 
owns the track that controls money, religion, education, government, legal, 
commerce, jobs, careers, and everything else you deemed as normal and 
one is rail-road-dead into their reality if you ride their train where they 
control the locomotive AND the tracks. 


All one can do is jump off their crazy train and start building your own 
locomotive, all the while, seeking the tracks of creation to put your 
locomotive on and get yourself moving again, this time in the right 

direction. When you think of the friends and family that called you crazy for 
the right choices you made and continue to make in the face of evil's 
conductors and engine-ears, it's just them refusing to jump off this train of 
evil where evil has made their boxcars very comfortable where supportive 
passengers are given first class treats in the first class cars to shit on the 
passengers in economy, the common human. Then the lure of the treats 
and money, physical milk and honey, over-ride most people's good sense 
when their comfort is threatened in any way. You are a threat to this 
programmed mind, remember this where they're content to ride the 
hypnotic figure eight track where you added a trunk line off that track. The 
trunk line connection to your new track is the legal name so you have to 
blow up that junction or you'll be followed up your new track and the evil 
that follows you up your new road will do everything it can to get you back 
on their train (being their legal name is a boxcar on their train), rip up as 
much of your new track as possible to dissuade you from continuing and 
use those closest to you to rip up your tracks emotionally, to deter any 
future desires to continue building on. 


Only a very few resist this at the outset and continue on, regardless of 
what justifications to continue on evil's crazy train others have used or are 
using (you-sing) to try and lure me or you back. This is the real test of faith 

but it's exactly what does all your track building to connect to creation's 
mainline track home; you have to build the shunt line by removing the cunt- 

tree lien for those who think the sound cunt is bad, you say it every day 
unknowingly but now you know. Some of us took the direct, straight road 


across which literally destroyed our boxcars (families, homes, lives and 
ability to make a living in their world etc.) but then the shortest distance 
between two points is a straight line anyway. The legal name is the literal 
junction switch that determines whose and what rails you're travelling on 
and evil can't exist without a contractor/contract-torus field a.k.a. YOU, the 
immortal source choosing to be a dead mortal physical body reality only, 
way of programming. You, me, we literally breathe life into evil, since the 
only way it can exist because evil is literally death, by its own very nature, 
a destroyer and taker of life. So it's a matter of looking for the track that 
promotes life over death, good over evil and you must look INONESELF 
first for all the things you are doing in ALL of the things that everyone else 
does that is normal yet is actually death in disguise, to see through the veil 
of lies. This is the true lifting of the veil where the bride/groom gets her/his 
first kiss. The legal name reality makes you a bride/groom of the Harlot 
(Baby-loan) and Satan (all the false profits/prophets of her kidnapping 
ransom) and is the crux pivot point of where the tracks separate and where 
you drive your first railway spike of silver (truth) first, removing the steal 
spikes (clous/clues) one by one where creation drives the last gold spike in 
for you where evil always use steal first and always ends with your gold 
spikes stolen while you're on THEIR legal name boxcar from locomotive to 
caboose, you're captured in the middle on the kill crazy train. 


Good and evil are running parallel tracks simultaneously to sort out those 
that would destroy creation as their primary objective, not caring who they 
harm, kill or steal from to get their lusts fulfilled and ALWAYS by proxy 
using only the effort it takes to lift a pen and write out an order for another 
to fulfill for them. In short, the parasite loco-motive and this is their only 
path, evident always in their actions. Likewise, those that seek peace and 
benevolence have been duped into violence by using legal justifiers and 
motives to mask the real nature of the evil that is being done. It is evil to kill 
another living, sentient being, be it human or animal but humanity has 
been rail-eroded into thinking it's OK to do that, legally speaking only. Evil 
sets rules, times and locations of when it's OK to murder another called 
war or policing their legal name slaves that don't follow orders called 
general public. A simple way to see the legal name train-ink you're caught 
up in is on every carved Tombstone connected to the grave-e (death of 
physical/present consciousness) while evil rides the gravy train using you 
for the track steal and cross-ties, tying you to their death reality. For those 
already in the grave, they're in a holding pattern until these trains reach the 
final destination, approaching now in this reality, whatever allegory you're 
using to see it i.e. nibiru, mayan, bible, mythological, where the phonics 
(SOUND) key is the port (quay) on the floating island of Brasil allegory 
versus the port-cull-us key that Satan holds while trapped in one of his 


cells/se' El's, creations of Luciferian evil intent. It takes a little practice but it 
doesn't take long to see every story fold into one where YOU'RE either the 
hero or villain in humanity's story, not just your own. It's very easy to be a 
hero to your own family and friends or look like one on the radio or silver 
screen keeping each other's boxcars moving up the line/lien but you're still 
on the undivided track where all you have is the measure of very limited 
good that vouches for your life story. 


Think of this in terms of the judgement day story to illustrate the alpha and 
omega of your life's path. If your life in this reality ended now, do you think 
you've done enough good to free yourself from satan's grip or are you 
following along with the other liars that think they're saved because they're 
religious delusions of an external savior will save them "just because" and 
without changing their war and death mongering ways? Remember, when 
you choose a team to play for, what happens when you're seen to be 
deliberately kicking goals into your own team's net and how would they/you 
react? This is why the Freemen, Patriot, Bible Belt type yee-hawed-disseds 
get taken down because, although they don't like what evil is doing to them 
and others, they neglected to leave the evil team contract, namely, LEGAL 
NAME worship reality so of course they'll get taken out or down and again, 
seek vengeance against their still the same, guilty by association 
membership legal name fleecing club team-mate, and the figure eight track 
resumes yet again. If one wants to change their reality, one must make 
definitive changes to one's own reality first elsewise you're still using 
Satan's tools to enslave yourself. You'd think anyone with half a legal brain 
could see this and is mind numbingly simple to show how and why it's 
illegal to use a legal name since evil set up the trap this way and gives you 
only a mirror reality of it to work within. Quite literally, when you lift the veil 
of evil called legal name off your reality, creation kisses its' bride/grooms 
equally and then some. Unfortunately, you'll never see this until you do 
this, not try this, yourself. 


The tracks of truth were deliberately seeded with weeds of lies and one 
need only put a cow-pusher on the front of the locomotive to cut these 
weeds down and expose the track without end. Given that this reality has 
embedded the lie of "end of the line" in the human psyche, people cannot 
fathom immortality and can only see it from a perspective of "heaven or 
hell AFTER | die" only so it's a forced omega/death program which makes 
it difficult to see past that. This is what | call the lingering doubt and was 
absolutely necessary to completely separate the truly good from the truly 
evil that is literally being separated here, now and forever, right now. In the 
grandest sense, our experiences will never be identical (no copy originals) 
only a copy of what's right, the true copyright law golden rule versus evil's 


copyright law that claims your entire creative power and existence. At this 
point the outcomes are identical in concept, only different in form i.e. you 
have your body in your physical reality, | have mine so the movie looks 
different only based on physical form characters while retaining the pure 

truth form concept of identical outcome, prevailing over a previous evil that 

is harming all by doing the right thing versus using legal rights thing where 

murder is OK legally reality. One cannot serve two masters forever, only for 
a while, and this is your "now or never while moment" where this duality 
reality's clock is invaribly ticking off its last seconds where evil and good 
separate forever, no recourse after this. All aboard the soul or the souled 

train, boarding station approaching now. 


Imagine yourself on a rail go kart out for a spin on an old abandoned 
railway shunt and it hasn't been used for many years, overgrown and 
difficult to see the tracks in front of you or like going fast over a steep hill in 
a car wondering if there's going to be a road after you crest the top 
moment of doubt. Even in the case of driving that same hill many times, 
you're still wondering in the back of your mind and you take the foot off the 
gas "just in case it's not there today" doubt/fear reaction. This is where the 
faith of saints idea should be coming into view. Of course the road and 
track was there but confidence only ensues when you actually see it and 
not before that. In the case of the abandoned rail track, like the legal dead 
world, it does run out and all you can do from there is go back the way you 
came OR start building your own rails; most simply turn back and ride the 
same rails to eventual boredom and ultimate death of consciousness, by 
de-sign. All I've been doing since | blew up evil's tracks to connect to me 
(nothing legal in my reality, at the mercy of this world to survive, 
completely) is laying down knew tracks, one cross un-tie, one c-rose at a 
thy-me. If you haven't noticed the magic of phonics yet to open your eyes, 
you're not experiencing the mind blowing aha moments like those of us 
that simply learned how to play with our I'm-a-genie-Te-eye-ons again to 
redefine that which defines our realities. Unless of course you don't use 
letters, numbers, sigils, symbols of any kind in your reality where you have 
a fixed idea of what you were told a word means and only that. If two 
words sound identical, which intent is being carried with it and can it be 
respelled to mean something else completely opposite to what we 
intended? 


Here's a typical court legal phonics trap that condems the speaker in their 
own confessions/what they say. A freeman legal idiot type will say this 
typical lien (pronounced line, programmared and assumed by reader, not 
writer and spellbound in a spell to sound like lean) " | do not consent!" and 
here's what the judge/Satan's babble-on-neons can and does ASSUME in 


perfect honour illusion his/her version of the spell THEY want to here 
AGREEING fully in context, not concept of what you really intended: " Aye, 
due knot, con-se'-n-Te"....take him/her away ba'al-iffy, sure-iffy! Evil can't 
create, it can only ECHO creation to get creation to build that reality for it. 
The spellings of the words can echo where the spoken was said only once 
until YOU spell it out for yourself and everyone else, thus, these essays, 
spelling out the tru reality, destroying evil's reality in the process. The 
homo-names become the sin-o-names become the ant-on-I'ms as an 
example of phonics magic exposing LARGE concepts trapped in the 
spells. This grammatical trinity is woven into one using these spells where 
truly, the letter kills and Bill shows up in your male-box, no kisses, straight 
to the business of screwing you, so all it leaves is a lot of gray matters for 
your gray matter to sort out. You can only do that when the heart matters 
over rule the brain programs that have been programmed to serve evil in 
this reality, literally, figurativel and spiritually in the absolute sense of serve; 
You create either by choice and who goes along with that good or evil l- 
deal or l-dear and what's dear to your heart or mind determines what you 
deal and what the dealer you're dealing to, deals back. Creation is THIS 
simple, | cannot say it clearer where it's been known forever and it's called 
the golden rule. It just depends on how seriously you take that rule, 
creation and your ultimate creation or destruction falls back to the original 
gift of gifts called free will choice. You do have the choice so unfortunately, 
you have no excuses if you make serving evil yours. 


The legal name is both a benign/be-9 and malignent/male-lien- 
ent(intent,debt, mind) cancer (can-se'-r', can-seer, canc(k sound)-er, C- 
ankh-er etc.) and you're the doctor that must heal self, lest the cancer be 
the malignent one in the spiritual realms in the physical reality mirror 
example. Bad things happen to good people because of the intertwining of 
these dual realities where those redirecting creation's true intent (evil) have 
manipulated consciousness via spelling to give them an upper hand over 
creation until one of us awoke to this ruse; | and many others have now. | 
see my role simply as one to lay down knew tracks, unobstructed by evil 
now, and let the rest of humanity that serves good and wishes to change 
this reality back into the heaven it was, is and forever will be, devoid once 
and for all of any/all evil completely. If | was to descibe heaven's reality, 
that would be it; remove all evil and what's left? So, | removed all evil out of 
my reality by placing the INTENT to do so there first, the rest works itself 
out where you just have to get over the legal name hill/track to see that, 
indeed, the road is already built and waiting for your loco-motives or rail go 
karts, whatever suits you, | just built a bullet train, as fast as the go kart 
with the pulling power of infinite locomotives and any boxcars that need a 
little help after they're derailed inevitably by the shunting away from 


evil/system/Babylon etc. where | can run a shunt from my hear-Te to theirs 
and where they eventually start laying down their own tracks parallel to 
mine where mine run parallel with truth, life and creation's infinite nature of 
immortality anyway. Different track, same direction, weaving truth into the 
fabric of creation versus lies that unravel the cloth of life. This is the shroud 
that Turin, the shadow of light, not death and people just get lost or stuck in 
the clues or artifacts to support their "theories" mentally bound into a literal 
definition of someone else's "stuck in programming" version of the story 
where the spiritual fairytail is being wagged by a literal fare-e-tale and well, 
you pick up their B.A.R. tab every time until you stop playing in their water- 
ink wholes/wells, that's the well of solds. 


What those that have chose this path begin to see incrementally is the 
knew tracks coming into view when the old tracks are ripped up behind 
them, one or more crossed "T"'s/tease and D.O.T.-dead "I's" at a time/thy- 
me. The increments of how fast or slow you go is determined by you and 
that is only dependent on how much you truly seek truth and the answer to 
your existence in the all mind point of YOU. This is knowing you got hurt in 
some way by doing the right thing only because somewhere and somehow 
you still think of yourself in the old, dead legal name way and why it's best 
to think of a completely different alternative "name" so that you can see 
BOTH tracks simultaneously or you'll never see or find it hard to see the 
real effects of choosing life over death, good over evil, regardless of the 
pre-programmed by system fear you've had to learn to over-ride and do 
the right thing anyway. It's as easy as "can you be tempted by an 
emotional heartstring in the physical reality to not do the right thing?" 
where most, if not all of us had to sacrifice the very ones we love dearest 
to push through to the other side to open this path for all of humanity, not 
just our favourite bits separated from the rest of the human consciousness 
we call mankind. All for one and one for all is our standard/flag of living and 
it's pure white denoting a surrender to the will of benevolent creation 
versus a white flag surrending our defeat/deaf-eat/de-feet(chosen 
path)/duh?-feet?(lost path to walk)/de-FEAT!/de-fiat(legal moon-eye) etc... 


There seems to be a lot of confusion as to what creation's a.k.a. the 
creator's plan is and it's staring you right in the eyes when you look into 
any mirror but you can't see you, only a legally or not named physical 
representative of YOU, the real you, the IS-Real/ls-royal within where the 
kingdom of heaven's path can ONLY be found travelling the heart's path, 
not the mined one. Riding the rails of truth glide you over all of the mines in 
the "it's mine!" fee-El'ds/fields where every cross Te clears the mine away 
versus blowing it up every time. | assure you, | stepped on EVERY mine in 
that field to clear it because as far as | could tell, no one had done this 


quite this way before. | wasn't disappointed as | watched the system 

explode every time | did where | was merely caught in the blast, far enough 
away from the lies and liars to not get seriously hurt physically, all the while 

enduring the agony of watching those | love get forced away from me in 
more ways than | can count right now. This is the penance and repentence 
flashback where you settle your previous debts/wrong doings with creation 

in the hear and know/here and now where the programming of mankind 

has them thinking they have to die before things are settled up. Wrong. 


You have to ask yourself where you're really wanting to be heading as your 
objective first or you'll be someone else's SUBJECT dealing only in 
subjects that SUBJECTS subject themselves to and be subjected to the 
harm that every SUBJECT experiences until you change your 
couer/core/heart subject in your mined mind. Not one of us is unscathed in 
this battle of good versus evil nor unmarked by/in/of/ buyin’ nuff? legal 
name reality until one unmarks oneself so don't be thinking the rules are 
different for me or any other any point of you in creation, only evil tries to 
rewrite the laws of creation to serve its own knee'ds making creation (you), 
think you somehow must knee-D I.T.(concept of bowing to their duality 
demands) when evil only asks for I.D. and it's your choice to be owned in 
mined, bawdy and sole. Evil must convince YOU that somehow you need 
it/I.D. therefore they kneed you in the legal name, flat earth/book 2 
Dimensional Styx pee-pole form where |.D's them that are kneed-ink YOU 
to exist at all. Remember, evil is only an idea that requires YOU to contract 
with it (crush) because evil, by definition must destroy everything in its 
reality, thus itself and only wants some court jesters to go down with it into 
non-existence. My job, and the job of those that can see this, is to get this 
information into the hands of all where they can choose what they want; 
eternal life or eternal damnation in a figure repeat getting worse every time 
it hits the upcoming omega moment i.e. ALL barques of roi Be AND B.A.R.- 
Q's of RA-Bi called in, same instant that some refer to as the "rapture" 
where it is the rapture of what wrapped you're in and wrapped your heart 
AND mind around. The rapture of the raptors that raped you're reality are 
in for a movie wrap of their own creation and you know this after you've 
wrapped your head around the sheer simplicity of this game, exposed fully 
in the spells and phonics loco-motive so make your motive a little more 
crazy on the creative track versus the destructive track you're box-CARD 
into. 


All work and no play makes Jack a dullard and why there are so many 
Jacks Union-eyes'd under the double cross of the Union Jack tying in all 
other flags of colour where mine is a pure white standard. How can you 

claim to be at peace with all when you're picking fights with everyone and 


everything around you where the legal reality is just that, order out of 
chaos where you're the one following the orders trading your piece for their 
kiosk. You just forgot how to play and that's because the job you're doing 
and the life you're living is not even close to following your true heart and 
dreams; evil can't allow that at any cost, even the cost of evil's own 
existence. Quite stupid really but then there's nothing smart about evil 
anyway, evil doers always end up getting the short Styx in the end and 
their river runs dry, their tracks collapse, their esteem engines boil dry and 
their loco-motives collapse collectively into the last star heaven is going to 
need from the physical and this earth literally ignites as the companion star 
in the daytime sky they worship, Satan needs a bride in case you were 
wondering what hell actually looked like, look up. It's heavenly replacement 
is moving in here and well, evil has a black hole to fill, good luck with that. 
If you're looking for the track to find the "stairway to heaven", you can 
either see that track as I've described here or you can listen to the same 
wisdom without falling to hell like a lead zippo-lien where there truly is time 
to change the track/path you're on, just thought I'd point you to the path 
that all the masters raved about. Yeah, me too. They were right and YOU 
can prove it because only you can prove truth to self by living it or not, 
seeing it or knot where I've already seen it for myself but then, that's my 
story oh little train that coulda, shoulda, woulda because | already knew | 
should/show-alled, could/co-alled and would/wooled and found the elusive 
golden fleece, the holy grail, the white hart, the white rabbit, and every 
other way it's been described in what you know of as the ages. Just don't 
let this truth take ages to sync in, you just don't have the time, you're 
halving the time of your lives every time you're having the thy-me of your 
lie-ves every second that tics and tax you out of it. 


Consider this the early warning bell....the tinkerbell moment or end up with 
the lost boys forever fighting the Hooks that captained their ships (souls) 
by their choice. Can't imagine choosing that yet there are billions that don't 
have to, they're already hooked, liened and sinkered into Hell via the 
willing choice to continue after hearing "it's illegal to use/be a legal 
name/anything". Don't worry, that will echo for eternity in their realities 
when they realize they did nothing, too late moment. All aboard the 
freedom train kids or stay on the previously scheduled, heading to Hell A- 
Freight train, there, the liens never end, only go darker and deeper with no 
light left on the loco-motive to find your way back. The only thing that | did 
differently was to go beyond what was evil in me and this world (pretty 
obvious to any decent soul really) to find out how creation could create a 
perfect heaven where no evil could exist yet in order to have heaven, it 
must have an equal evil counterpart. The trick was to keep both good and 
evil in one reality that was both good and evil enough to experience it 


(contrasting by degrees) so that one or the other wouldn't spin out into 
either extreme of insanity (blissful or rageful insanity, both chaos equally) 
and this world/reality is the pivot point of the bow- 
tie/boatie/booty/bawdy/boot-e/boat-eye/Boa-tie/serpent knot/Beau-Te/Be- 
U-Te/free will choice etc. This world has the best that Heaven and Hell can 
muster with evil knowing one thing; it's thy-me would run out and run out it 
has, pretty apparent with the SIGNS/sins/sign-atures/sign-at yours 
everywhere both natural and man made. Hopefully, by the end of the first 
reading of this, you'll see many things that slipped your not-is know-tis 
note-is but then that's my job to make sure none of the de-tales are missed 
where all | have to do now is listen, creation tells me everything | need to 
know when | kneed to now it so, that's what | do and the essays are the 
result of that. Just more waters of truth to fill yer steam engines when 
you're feeling like you're running a little dry, | found the fountain of life and 
those waters? They never run dry, only Baby-loan's does...sleepy children 
are easy to kidnap so | rock all the cradle clayed-El's to see which way 
their bow breaks: to the left legal is Satan, to the right regal is creation, 
truth so don't be afraid/afreight to rock someone's boat, you just might find 
a lost child under the canvas of a lifeboat on a sinking ship and that child 
just might be you. When you look in the mirror, what's the first thing you 
see, is that you looking at you or is that you looking at me?..| see you AND 
me too...toot toot!!..kate 


