YOUR CONTRACT NOW by kate u/v kaia 


written with/in Phoenician/sonic definitions as defined only by me as per my intent, assumption and 
presumption of any/all possibilities other than my own are destroyed ab initio; Ignorance is NOT a 
defence, time to wise up 


to Whom it May Concern, LEGAL NAMES NOTWITHSTANDING, where any/all names mentioned in this 
are not and will never be assumed/presumed to be LEGAL NAMES where any/all LEGAL NAMES are, in 
fact, AIDING AND ABETTING FRAUD. It is not my wish nor ever will be my wish to partake in any/all 
frauds ab initio, ad infinitum; 


be advised that | am currently investigating an all too common situation of MISTAKEN/STOLEN 
IDENTITY/FALSE PERSONATION regarding fraudulent use of CROWN COPYRIGHT property, commonly 
known as the LEGAL NAME; 


Inasmuch as all/any thing(s) LEGAL are without standing in reality or what you would deem to be the 
"real world", most of humanity is duped into this fraud via the BIRTH CERTIFICATE 
FRAUD/DECEPTION/NON-DISCLOSURE/LEGAL NAME/FALSE IMPERSONATION etc. where "legality is not 
reality" as per "their" own MAXIMS of law. Please read attached "Babylon Is Fallen" for a brief synopsis 
of this scam of humanity as a whole and be advised that any/all use of a LEGAL NAME has you complicit 
in all/any CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY henceforth; 


As an investigative reporter and FREE "LANCE" journalist | have an obligation to humanity to expose 
any/all of these crimes to my millions of listeners/followers worldwide to bring a full awareness to the 
consciousness of humanity as a whole. In short, if you're playing with LEGAL NAME(S) and harming 
anyone by "just doing my job" it sucks to be you in the same way that claim was made during the 
NUREMBERG TRIALS. Harming someone in the EXECUTION of your duties does not and will not absolve 
you of your free willed choice to do so under any/all circumstances where all are simply guilty in, by and 
of their actions in the INSTANT the crime is committed, no courts required to prove self-guilt; 


It has come to my attention that YOU, the living spirit OCCUPYING a CROWN OWNED/COPYRIGHTED 
BODY (see G.I.F.T. Black's law pg. 757 GIFT. abbr. GAMETE INTRAFALLOPIAN TRANSFER. gift, 
n. (12c) 1. The voluntary transfer of property to another without compensation. [Cases: Gifts ~1.]2. 
A thing so transferred. gift, vb.absolute gift. See inter vivos gift.) INTER VIVOS means "inter vivos (in-t<Ir 
vI-vohs or vee-vohs), adj. [Latin" between the living"] (1837) Of or relating to ‘property conveyed not by will or in 
contemplation of an imminent death, but during the conveyor's lifetime. inter vivos, adv.inter vivos gift. See GIFT" in 
short, the BODY is GIFT-dead/gifted via the REGISTERING/SURRENDING the GIVEN name, thus G.1.F.T/ 
Gamete Intra-Fallopian Transfer or CONCEPTION POINT/ rendering the/any/all body(ies) CROWN 
COPYRIGHT PROPERTY by CONSENT of the CREATORS of that body, are therefore, DEAD BY YOUR OWN 
ADMISSION UPON ANY/ALL USE OF/BY/FOR/IN USE OF/BY FOR/IN ANY/ALL LEGAL NAME(S)/ALIASES etc. 
and therefore have NO CLAIM against any/all who KNOW otherwise. Truth does not require your BELIEF 
where doubt exisits, truth merely seeks denial or acceptance where IGNORANCE is fully removed; A 
fraud revealed is null and void nunc pro tunc, tunc pro nunc, ab initio, ad infinitum where the BIRTH 
CERTIFICATE fraud with INTENT to deceive is revealed; 


Inasmuch as you are LEGALLY DEAD (proven with any/all CROWN CORPSE IDENTIFICATION use, you have 


no voice in this matter where only the living can speak since you are, in fact, a walking talking 
FRAUD/FALSE PERSONATOR by your willful consent by claiming to be/using any/all forms of CROWN 
CORPORATION IDENTIFICATION; (def; impersonation. (18c) The act of impersonating someone. Also termed personation. 
false impersonation. (1878) The crime offalsely representing oneself as another person, usu. a law-enforcement officer, 
for the purpose of deceiving someone. See 18 USCA §§ 912-917. Also termed false personation.(Cases: False 
Personation ~~ 1.] 
* please note, it doesn't say someone pretending to be a law enforcement officer but rather states 


clearly that it IS usually a law enforcement officer...such is the letter of Luciferian law 


Here's a little something else for YOU to ponder with regards to BEARING FALSE WITNESS/FALSE 
PERSONATION/FABRICATING FALSE EVIDENCE; 


Giving or fabricating false evidence with intent to procure conviction of a capital offence 
194. Whoever gives or fabricates false evidence, intending thereby to cause, or knowing it to be likely 
that he will thereby cause, any person to be convicted of an offence which is capital by this Code, or 
under any other law for the time being in force, shall be punished with imprisonment for life, or with 
imprisonment for a term which may extend to 20 years, and shall also be liable to fine; and if an 
innocent person is convicted and executed in consequence of such false evidence, the person who 
gives such false evidence shall be punished either with death or the punishment hereinbefore 
described. 


Any/all claims made to FORCE assumption/presumption is, in fact, fabricating false evidence/bearing 
flase witness where a living spirit is being LEGALLY MURDERED to entice them into commission of FRAUD 
and SLAVERY and is TREASON upon the living spirit of that being. Any/all AGENTS of/for/by/in their OATH 

to the owners of THE CROWN CORPORATION are, in fact, DEAD BY CONSENT where bearing false 
witness, false personation, fabricating false evidence is the very nature of their "professions"/ for-to 
make weary Latin; pro-fessio. 


If you are holding, causing to be held, detaining, harming, imprisoning, arresting, injecting, force feeding 
poisons a.k.a. drugs, restraining, murdered, threatened, stolen from, raped, etc. any/all beings who have, 
of their own free willed choice made you AWARE that they are removed from any/all 
assumption/presumption of FRAUDULENT LEGAL NAME(S)/ALIASES ETC ET AL you are GUILTY of the 
aforementioned charges that rule the DEAD BY CONSENT beings that think/believe/duped into 
thinking/convinced they are a LEGAL NAME(S) are, in fact, delusional and literally 
psychpathic/sociopathic in nature. Feel free to research and prove this otherwise. It is NOW incumbant 
upon YOU to remedy your own delusions in this matter and in this regard lest you harm/continue to 
harm another living being. The BIRTH CERTIFICATE is PRIMA FACIA evidence of the owners of the 
CROWN CORPORATION of INTENT to deceive/commit fraud upon all/any humanity forced to use one for 
the purposes of procurring IDENTIFICATION to X-cyst/life-cyst in the "Whore of Babylon" COMMERCE 
using THEIR "Mark of the Beast"....at least now you know what those terms were referring to all 
along....have a nice day! 


Please read the following: 


Due to your in-cyst-stance to murder people spiritually every day along with your fellow parasites 
through the legal NAME soul trap, yours and every other servant of the dark's souls are now forfeit...You 
serve the "Whore of Babylon" commerce/CROWN corpse with your Mark of the Beast (LEGAL NAME) as 

your consent to be dead, of the dead, serving the dead and those that are YOUR masters through your 


free will choice to do so...it is that choice that has your soul and countless other ignorant fools like 
yourself in the BOND-age....all harms you create are the same ones you WILL experience with this little 


note to remind you burned and etched in your mind every time you ask the question "why me?".....at 
least now you know, you did it to yourself...it is my wish that you see this and stop your evil ways....the 
rest is NOW up to you so don't bitch about the pain from the nails in your own hands and feet because 


YOU are the one that swung the hammer to put yourself there....you are nothing more than a Ba'al 
BONDSMAN...no, the term "bail" is not a coincidence, it is your phonics clue to expose your self- 
destruction....have a nice day! 


now you know what was really being said in Revelations 18 where the religio-chosis chosenitus priests of 
Ba'al taught you fairy tales in their churches, sin-a-GOG's, tempt-pulls and masks where the fools of 


humanity swallowed the kool-aid blindly....bottoms up fool or choose...kate 


Just a little heads up for all privateers/dead by consent types being named and brought into 
the light as the criminals you are...your days of pirating/harming the people through their 

"vessels" are over. The "registered NAME" is the name of the vessel, as you are aware and all 
property joined to that vessels' NAME is cargo that you love to steal and pillage on behalf of 

your banking masters that give you treats. Here's a little fact for you all to consider; every 
action you do against another that harms them is permanent, one that cannot be erased and 
shall be balanced according to universal law, not man made statute nonsense. That which you 
have wished upon another is YOUR wish granted in return. 


Your oaths have been sworn to your various fictitious corporations/dead entities and you are 
bound by/of and for them that make slaves of each and every one of you where you are 
become as children stealing from others in the playground. No, you are being watched and 
reported on, called out by name now as the hijackers you are. You may wish to read up on the 
Geneva conventions recently put into full force and effect worldwide. These apply to you all 
inasmuch as you are part of the Admiralty fleet and thus; military. 


| would suggest getting up to speed on much of my writings as well to give you a better 
overview of your very weak positions on the grand scale as this planet awakens more and 

more every day where you have a choice as to which side you will be on, one of the creators 

of humanity, or one of the destroyers. Your actions of daily theft/harm/poisonings makes you 
fully the latter. What ye sow, so shall ye reap is the message | recall reading once in all the 

ancient tomes...find attached various truths to enable you to see your crimes against 

humanity as well as the links to further your own awakening. Regardless, you are now on the 

world stage for all to see and I do love making criminals famous, much love, kate of gaia... 


well 


http://kateofgaia.wordpress.com is where you can further your educations on how to be 
human again and learn to stop raping others, especially yourselves serving those that make us 
all slaves...quite insane if you ask me and i do like to get the word out to millions 
worldwide....and i do so daily...neat eh? 


p.s. i made a judge bow once on camera in MY courtroom, as you will bow to humanity as 


