Zero-Point by kate u/v kaia 


It really is quite simple: if one cannot stand in truth then one is standing in a lie. If one 
chooses to deny truth then one is far more than just a liar, one is a snake-oil salesman 
and a thief of humanity and universal law. It is insane to think that anyone who plants a 
seed of poison ivy is going to get roses, let alone expect them. Perhaps one should take 
another look at the seed packet, self, and what one truly intends to grow? To even begin 
to explain or describe something known to self and unknown to others, lacks the words 
in the literal sense and why the ancients used allegory, parable and analogy to convey 
the concepts in a way that children can grasp by forming pictures in the minds of those 
who can fathom the depths of truth. 


| have often pondered and been asked many times as to why any truths must be hidden 
from plain view. It didn't take me long to understand why, just a little longer to fully see 
why. This is where the mundane physical parts ways with the spiritual realities and 
where the vast majority, not responsible enough for this knowledge, walk in proverbial 
circles until, they too wake up to this realm. It is my feeling that man was "boosted" too 
fast, too soon and too ignorant to fully grasp the magnitude of knowledge they were not 
Spiritually ready for, and as a result, were easily manipulated and corrupted on all levels. 


It has long been conjectured that man, as a species, was altered genetically and why no 
missing link, in terms of foolhardy evolution nonsense, cannot be, and never will be 
found in the physical sense as far as fossils are concerned. In effect, we were given 

things that we simply just weren't ready for; period. Knowledge and intellect is one thing 
while wisdom is quite another matter altogether. | have long put forth the notion that 
man has the ability to destroy itself a thousand times over yet no-one took the time to 
ask why? Pure madness and what makes it worse is that it has been our own creativity 
that has been used against us by those lacking the divine feminine creative soul, for lack 
of making it any simpler than that. In a universe of free willed consent, all that needs to 
be captured is our consent where all manner of trickery has been used, all the while, 
these corrupting entities are skirting the very edges of this most divine of laws to secure 
our abilities to be used against us. All these entities need is our consent to accept their 


reality: nothing more and nothing less. 


Our greatest strength is our creative soul, infinite and ultimate and something the 
tricksters don't have which lends itself to the motivation as to why there are those that 
are soulless would have to steal, in full honour and consent, the most powerful of all 
things in the universe: creation itself. We are also dealing with even less mature entities 
that haven't earned their souls yet and are looking for the shortcut to this realm without 
going through the process of understanding why weapons of any kind should never have 
even been dreamed of, let alone made. The concept is simpler still: what they may or 
can never have, they must steal via deception and all they need is your invitation. 


The more outrageous and fearful of humans will scream that we need weapons to 
protect ourselves all the while not seeing that an enemy had to be invented first to even 
entertain that notion of that in the first place. This is the master game and the only bluff 
the deceivers had and that is now at its end. | like to entertain the thought of why would 

anyone or any "thing" do such a thing and then | look at humanity getting an unearned 
boost into knowledge without the prerequisite of wisdom earned aforehand. Wisdom 
only comes with experience of the things one would do and either regret or reinforce to 
grow benevolence from. Fortunately, in both cases, growth is the end result anyway but 
can be a painful lesson where responsibility of one's actions is concerned. 


It is extremely easy to separate the wheat from the chaff however and it's as easy as 
seeing all those that purport to be leaders, royalty, clergy, court, city and "law" officials 
as the most immature of all where it is safe to say they lack the wisdom to contain any 

soul whatsoever or have earned a long fall down in full awareness of what they have 

done with misused knowledge without wisdom. Regardless of any argument to the 
contrary, | paint them all with the same paint roller because they are known by their 
actions, the result of intent, the harms they create and do so wilfully with many lusting 
to harm. Ignorance is the biggest soul killer and those that are involved in any system 
control job or role with any soul are feeding the very beast that is draining them of this 
pure creation source. If one doesn’t care about oneself, perhaps start thinking of those 
around you to see if they may be worth your efforts to stand in truth. 


Those that have created the systems that control humanity by their consent, to be in 
and of the system, have no fear of reprisal in that they already have the consent to be 
the master where slaves can cry all they want, to no avail. Could it really be this simple? 
Absolutely it is because anything that anyone agrees with they are in spiritual contract 
with. Most are disillusioned regarding this because their own creative ability to think for 
themselves has been mind-conditioned out of them long ago. The schools and churches 
get their claws in us when we are very young and toss out gibberish and fairytales 
enmeshed with fear to make sure we may never doubt "their" teachings. Fear is the only 
knob on their control panel and once you know it’s powerless, you get to rip their knobs 
off. 


Fear is the only tool these most vile of entities know how to use. If one seeks proof of 
this, just even question the accepted and programmed norms of anyone and watch the 
fireworks go off. In short, humanity has been covered in so much bullshit, it's a wonder 

that any of us woke to this at all. Remember, the truth flies directly in the face of 
everything you've ever been taught to accept as normal so don't be too miffed when 
you get lots of reaction from those closest to you. Such is the power of this fear. 
Humanity are as lemmings, gleefully heading to the cliffs and get quite irate when being 
told this truth. This is the glee of insanity that renders man as less than animals and is 
displayed nicely in the predator/prey motif in nature. You either call their bluff or you 
jump off the bluff with the rest of the lemmings. That’s called peer/pier pressure. 


Nature is a direct reflection of the overall effect that has shredded this most wondrous 
of realms into nothing more than a dog eat dog cesspit. If you could ask a deer about its 
reality just prior to it being shot it will likely tell you that being hunted is a most 
uncomfortable feeling. It will be the same with a cow or a pig, (human-animal hybrid 
DNA btw) just before its executioner places the bolt gun to its head prior to slaughter 
while it lived its last few moments knowing full well what was coming. | would ask you 
how that might make you feel and then ask how much fear energy is in the meat that 
humanity throws down its gullet? Perhaps replace these animals with humans where at 
least they can say what’s in their hearts, if they have one. 


No, I'm not some reformed vegan or born again smoker on a holier than everyone else 
pulpit, | am simply a realist that chooses the wisdom in matters such as these and allow 
others to see it or not for themselves. It makes far more sense to present the facts than 
some emotionally unstable holier-than-thou activist that is only pissing people off whilst 
giving those they piss off all the resolve they need to be vengeful and continue the death 

eating. As far as I'm concerned, you might as well eat your pets if you're going to 
consume any animal but then the caste system is also deeply ingrained in your program 
too. It's all life to me whether it's called Rover or Grade A meat. This is how we separate 
life from life which separates us from all consciousness as well. 


This fractal continues into everyday life and most can't even see that either. If man hunts 
animals then it only makes sense that man will hunt other men and label it with catchy 
phrases like war, battles, conflicts etc. where | only see it for what it truly is; murder. | 
mean hell, shouldn't you at least eat that meat too and call it what the churches called it 
to wean their minions from eating slaves namely long-pork? This is where the fish on 
Friday ritual came in. Is it a coincidence that Robinson Caruso had a man-slave called 
Friday? Yeah, human flesh, the other white meat indeed. You are what you eat after all 
and likely why anyone is called a vegetable if they've had brain damage. Those that 
control the system are masters of the mirror and love to attach the opposite intent in 
our day to day sayings. They attach a negative connotation to positive things and, as a 
result, it’s the negative intent that carries the power. It goes much deeper and darker 
than that but, suffice it to say, we implant our own controls in ourselves with the very 
words we've been programmed to use. 


In the end, it all comes down to what we are willing or unwilling to accept any longer. 
We are razzled and dazzled every day with our toys, our gadgets and gizmos and thus, 
distracted to a mind numbing degree and that's exactly the way the masters like it. | 
think the hardest message | share is the one that says we do it to ourselves and it was in 
this truth that the answers finally started pouring forth where they were only drips here 
and there before this. It is very easy to blame another for one's misfortunes but the real 
digging only begins when we accept full responsibility for our choices. | say full 
responsibility because in order to enter any duality conflict with another, it is WE who 
make the choice to engage or not. It is the very INTENT to do this that attracts all our 


conflicts to us where it’s a simple as “pick a fight, expect a fight” in the land of the ego 
MUST be right so put up your dukes. 


The real fear comes in when we have wronged another and do our best to avoid them at 
all costs. The really deluded ones cannot entertain the idea of making amends either 
because they're so conditioned into pure duality, accepting any sense of peace is no 

longer in their nature where conflict is their CHOSEN norm and they don’t even know it. 

They will fight even harder when you start exposing this for them as well. This is one of 

the deepest set psychoses in the overall ego program that maintains a circular, snake 

eating its own tale perpetuation. Talk about perpetual mote-shun. It is the one that 
continues to make another wrong to give it a sense of power. If you want proof of this, 
try making amends with someone, even if there was no intent to harm them or anyone 
where it is their delusions that hold that firmly in place anyway and they will claim you 
ran away where you simply see it as pointless reasoning with an insane individual. The 
only creativity left in these individuals is their ability to create more delusions to support 
their previous ones and it just gets crazier from there. Yup, time to walk away lest this 
festering cyst of ego imprint attach itself to you. This is the most filthy of energies | have 
yet experienced from supposed “awake” individuals where their need to be right and 


seek vengeance, compensation and notoriety is killing their soul, what’s left of it anyway. 


| have met many of these in my life where they prefer to hate, make others wrong and 
blame everything outside of themselves because they are at the lowest level of power in 
their existence, soon to lose it all as a result. Dare to disagree with any psychotic, be it a 
cop, clergy, family, friends and society in general and watch the fear and hate programs 
light up this glee of insanity. No, the ones that harm others with intention or ignorance 
will never make amends until they either see this truth or journey deeper down into the 
abyss of lost consciousness. Without a conscience, the consciousness cannot exist 
because the "S" or divine feminine empathy has been extricated. Even the phonics of 
consciousness proves it out literally....Conch, a shellfish, U/S is the balanced masculine 
and feminine and ness, meaning a state of being in a shell or one who has the "che", the 
key, the "X" which is IO, the goddess, the ten which is the infinitely mine law of truth in 
awareness of self and all....Con-che-U/S-ness where con means with or without as well. 


Conscience is even easier to see. Con, meaning with or without, “psi”, meaning spirit and 


“ents”, which means “mind” or simply with or without spirit mind. 


There is no point in rationalizing with people that are so lost in their own programming 
that isn't even their own to begin with because they cannot see this. For those that have 
made it to this point of empathic, being ruled by the heart versus a corrupted by design 
mind, well done, but this is only the beginning of the real steps back into a magical 
reality. We have been well indoctrinated with fear so don't be too put off every time you 
get that tinge of doubt as you continue forward into a long lost wisdom. Those tinges are 
merely indicators of still running programs that need to be destroyed. The only reason 
one feels they cannot do something is because we've been told from the get go that 
things like levitation and flying were impossible and we bought it. Try telling someone 
that they can change the world with but a thought and they will cringe in fear and self- 
doubt like good little robots. | use these tinges to show me what | still need to push 
through, as painful as it seems to be at times. No pain, no gain, know pain, know gain. 


We have long been controlled by fears in that everything becomes an imagined 
mountain from mole hills and why most cannot accept responsibility for their actions 
with all the scenarios of "what if" going fractal in their minds. They grow the fear so big 
in their own minds they soon forget how small it was to begin with. The reason why 
people refuse to confront these things is because they cannot accept responsibility of 
harming another and will do everything and anything to never face this in their own 
mirrors, let alone you as the constant reminders. Of course people that have stolen from 
me cannot confront me because that means looking in a mirror they are terrified of. The 
irony is, until one does, they will be trapped in their own mirror just like how one traps 
any demon. Consider those in your life that you don’t want to face and you'll see what | 
mean. 


If one is thinking in a physical effect sense, one is blind to spirit and, as a result, will be 
powerless due to your consent draining your life source away, literally. Fortunately, there 
many more now that are beginning to see the very things I've been talking about for a 
long time. They, like me, have difficulty conveying what they know to those that cannot 
see this yet and why | love conversing with those on the true road. Again, the road is 
narrow and few shall find it while even fewer who do find it, haven't the balls to walk it 
out fully and resort to attacking those that do in a futile attempt to empower 


themselves this way which is pure delusional thinking. 


Everyone loves to hate a winner eventually and it’s simply the ego striving for a better 
survival by trying to defeat someone or something that appears stronger than them. This 
is the poisonous nature of competition and it’s the only program the ego knows. The ego 

is finite and only seeks the highest level of creature comforts it can get to satiate all 
physical lusts that many call needs. Besides, what part of "you're on a suicide mission 
anyway" aren't people getting that keeps them in mortal fear and distracted from their 
infinite soul nature? If you're stuck in the physical mind, you're already dead at some 
point so my best advice is to get your living on eh? The only difference with living is that 
it's immortal unless you like boxes, holes, funerals, fear etc. 


Every Ancient teacher said the same thing and | continue this tradition with the 
statement of “The truth shall set you free” and | am unyielding in this stance. Only when 
one gets to this crossroads and finally and ultimately decides to stand in truth, come 
what may, will one be given the glimpses of the truly supernatural aspects of the 
universe. Truth is hidden from those without eyes because of what has happened due to 
those that had this knowledge before the wisdom to wield it in the same way that one 
cannot expect good outcomes from a child with a flamethrower in a playground. This is 
exactly the hierarchy system we are dealing with and people wonder why wars exist? 
Seriously? The point is very simple as is the answer yet so very few are willing to take 
that final step to freedom and it’s all based in the programmed fears within the ego 
entity itself; it’s not YOU, it’s the program. A spiritual being can only be duped into doing 
things against its will because the true spirit is one of benevolent creation and 
playfulness. The system psychos use tools like fear, pain, guilt, enslavement to control 
the programs that control you, because they can NEVER control you otherwise. 
Remember, this game is all about contract and what one agrees with, one is in full 
contract with on both physical AND spiritual levels. 


What exactly does an infinite and immortal being have to fear but the programmed 
nature of fear itself? Once people can see the absolute separation of physical ego and 
the real YOU, then they will be let into the halls of Amenti, as it were. We have been 


long blinded to our magical nature, so removed from our consciousness, that the very 
mention of this to the majority will find them running and screaming which only proves 
this most destructive of separations from the true self and all. You may experience 
fleeting moments of this as you walk more and more in truth and these moments will 
appear when you need them most. There is no need to seek proof from others because 
only you can experience your particular reality. 


Can | tell you what your experience is or is that only something you know and are certain 
of? | cannot prove that you are real in the same way that you cannot prove that | am so 
be mindful in the wisdom of trust no-one, trust only self. When one trusts only self, the 

attraction of the right energies follows suit. The “helpers” appear, the synchronicities get 
multiplied to a crazy degree and your knowing of self is continually strengthened as this 
truth snowball soon becomes the avalanche that destroys every system bluff leaving you 
an untouchable spiritually and thus, physically as well. In the best way to share this, you 

literally become bulletproof, things that once had you in fear and doubt dissolve as the 
illusions they are. This is where the veil is pierced, never to repair itself. 


There is only one thing that connects us to this system and one thing only. There is only 
one thing that grants any and all consent the system needs and desperately tried to keep 
hidden behind veils of legal chaos, designed to keep the intellect in full control, 
distracting us, keeping us fighting and going circular. It is the one thing that without 
control of, the whole house of cards comes tumbling down. It is so incredibly simple, 
very few can believe it, let alone accept it as true and even fewer that implement this 
truth into their reality. Everything in physical creation is claimed with this one simple 
contract and it’s one that you take from cradle to grave, everyone, save folks like me, 
have one and will literally fight to the death to protect it. 


Everything is registered through it rendering everything given away as a result which is 
why those thinking something is theirs and they’re fighting for it, renders them in full 
dishonour. Honestly, how would you feel if someone gave you something and showed up 
later to take it back? What would people think of you if you did that all the time? They’d 
soon stop accepting gifts from you and vice versa. This is exactly what the system does 


to play us off against one another while they milk us completely in full universal, by our 
free willed consent, honour. The trick is complete and all-encompassing until you catch 
on and only then is the fraud, on a universal scale, fully revealed where you, for the first 

time in your lives, have a spiritual and causal leg to stand on. This one little “loop-whole” 
has been controlling humanity, sucking its spirit dry and it all goes back to the very first 

Hyksos Pharaoh called King Mene a.k.a. AHA and the Narmer Palette. If one has a NAME, 

one is separate from the unnamable source, disconnected from the true power of all 
creation. 


When one fully gets this, every mindless legal question becomes mute and powerless. 
You begin to step into the realms of pure creation you were taken from. This information 
is the true demon killer and these entities KNOW it and why they are ramping up every 
manner of distraction they can muster within ever tightening constraints. This is why the 
supposed freemen and the like are being kept in jails because for them to continue 
teaching the illusion is harmful where they and their followers are being kept safe from 
further delusions. All one need do is look at everything in the mirror to see the good in 
the bad and the bad in the good and how good is it for someone to be teaching legal 
remedies anymore? It is time for these idiots to grow up, put down their flamethrowers 
and start exposing the real trap of humanity instead of reinforcing it with their mindless 
greed and ego vengeance. 


The deceivers are everywhere and | will not discount many who have been “friends” in 
the past as being of these ranks that infiltrate our trust as cointelpro agents only to turn 
around and throw spiritual knives in our backs. | do not discount family, those | have 
loved, friends of many years and compatriots in the collective path to truth. | see the 
majority of those | have worked with as either fearful idiots or decoys of deception, 
there is no gray area anymore since | control that center ground called no-man’s land. 
Nor are you a flesh and blood man inasmuch as all flesh and blood in the physical is dead 
with the illusion of our animating it with pure spirit life force. Only the soul lives where 
the physical is a finite realm, decaying constantly with cells replacing themselves 
because that’s what death does. The physical is the shadow mimicry of the soul, made 
to feel so real to experience this one tiny aspect of infinite creation. The NAME is the 
only thing the system has to control your soul so it’Il be up to you to accept or deny this 


fact. Aname is no longer something attached to me where it is only a map reference to 
find the true me, the true Magnetic source of all connected consciousness where intent 
is not needed to create, it simply is. 


| have done and shared more things to prove this to all the Doubting Thomas’s (tom 
means twin btw) out there and still they seek further proof from an external source. 
Only when you stand in your own truth, your own authority, will you even begin to 
fathom what | am sharing here in this writing. If you seek an answer then you must 
accept the full responsibility of that answer, especially when it runs counter to your 
programmed minds. This is about taking your own power back in a state of responsibility 
of accepting AND walking in truth. Everyone can take their doubts and shove them as far 
up their own asses as they can because that’s all they are to me; recirculated shit from 
the same physical source they came from. 


| cannot tell you how to stand or even why. Those are your questions to answer. The best 
motivation for me was knowing that if | didn’t stay true to this path, countless lives 
would have been harmed and I cannot bear to be a part of that any longer. | cannot 
choose cowardice while people suffer nor can | yield to the lies that have poisoned my 
reality for so long once expunged from my beingness. These are the choices YOU must 
make or do yourself a favour and save yourself the bother and go back to being a good 
little slave, fully lie-able for any and all harms that will result. These are the debts of sin 
you will be required to pay and you will in the meatstick Groundhog Day grinder. Only 
you know the tolerance levels of inflicting harm on others and at which point you will 
choose to stop or continue. | made my choice and there is nothing these little demonic 
soulless pieces of shit can do about it. | cannot make your choice for you because only 
you know the level of evil you are capable of agreeing with where my tolerance is now 
zero-point. 


While this may sound harsh to fragile and fearful little egos, it is my hope that it fires the 
true you up into finally taking the next step seeing you have already taken your leap of 
faith by bothering to show up in my reality anyway. | offer no mitten strings or skirt hems 
for you to cling to, you had that with mama and papa whore of Babylon. | offer no 
quarter where none was ever given to me to allow the golden rule its power to manifest 
and grant the wishes of those who have wished harm upon me and humanity as a 


whole. | take no prisoners since that is what I’ve been for far too long and | wouldn’t 
wish that upon another either. The choice must be one of your own choosing, of your 
own volition, of your own soullness being where no compromise rules your path. It is my 
wish that those ready to truly awaken do so if that is their wish shared with my own in 
that uncompromising light that is immortality. We have all walked long and lonely roads 
in countless eons on this singular quest where we not only found the mine, we are 
claiming its gold along with the return of all creations stolen by those most unwelcome 
and unneeded in my reality. Yes, | have things yet to do but | know | am on my path, in 
my purpose and raison d’étre and walk | will. | stand to post, | shall never yield and Nun 


shall pass. Mwahs and love, the unconditional kind, ka-te 


